Amodou Abdullei (born 20 December 1987) is a Nigerian-German former professional footballer who played as a forward.
Sandra Baumgartner (born 1982) is a German sports journalist and reporter.
She has worked as a freelance reporter and presenter for several German television stations and reported on various sports programmes.
Baumgartner worked at German pay-TV channel Motorvision TV before joining Sky Deutschland in 2011, reading the hourly news bulletins on Sky Sport News HD before becoming a pit lane reporter on Formula One races in 2012.
Trinity Meadows Race Track was a large American horse racing track located in Willow Park, Parker County, Texas.
The track operated in the 1960s without gambling as Clear Fork Downs, and was later named Squaw Creek Downs.
The new owner renamed the track Trinity Meadows and was one of the first horse racing tracks opened once Texas legalized parimutuel betting.
The track opened in May 1991 with first year profit of $1.8 million and $1.3 the following year.
Despite rumors, Lone Star Park opened after Trinity Meadows closed on August 6, 1996.
Trinity Meadows Raceway lost its Class I racing permit after Weber v.
Trinity Meadows proved their case in federal court.
Trinity Meadows violated the Clean Water Act by polluting the Trinity River in Willow Park, TX.
The property was sold in 1997 at a bankruptcy auction.
The structures have since been demolished.
Dmitri Anatolyevich Afanasenkov (Russian: Дмитрий Анатольевич Афанасенков; born May 12, 1980) is a Russian former professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Tampa Bay Lightning and the Philadelphia Flyers.
The Pinwill sisters (consisting of Mary (1871–1962), Ethel (1872–1951) and Violet (1874–1957)) were British professional woodcarvers in Devon from 1890 onwards.
Although in their era there were women who produced stained glass, sculpture, wood and metalwork for churches, those women were largely unacclaimed and regarded as amateurs.
The profession of ecclesiastical wood carving was one entirely carried out by men.
The sisters not only became skilled at the craft, but also set up a professional workshop business.
Despite the challenges of two world wars, two fires and the departure of two of the sisters, the Pinwill workshop produced innovative ecclesiastical carvings in wood and stone for more than 60 years and for over 180 churches in Devon, and Cornwall and further afield, becoming one of the most successful wood carving businesses in the South-West of England.
Their vast body of work, gradually adapting from the complex, intricate designs of the Gothic Revival through to the pared-down, plainer style of twentieth-century Modern, is recognised as being of great skill, flair and worth.
The Bendlerblock (German pronunciation: [ˈbɛndlɐˌblɔk] ) is a building complex in the Tiergarten district of Berlin, Germany, located on Stauffenbergstraße (formerly named Bendlerstraße).
Erected in 1914 as the headquarters of several Imperial German Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) offices, it served the Ministry of the Reichswehr after World War I.
Significantly enlarged under Nazi rule, it was used by several departments of the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht (OKW) from 1938, especially the Oberkommando des Heeres and the Abwehr intelligence agency.
The building is notable as the headquarters of a resistance band of Wehrmacht officers who staged the 20 July plot against Adolf Hitler in 1944.
As the leaders of the conspiracy were summarily shot in the courtyard, the Bendlerblock also includes the Memorial to the German Resistance.
Since 1993, the building complex has served as a secondary seat of the German Federal Ministry of Defence.
In fluid mechanics, pipe flow is a type of fluid flow within a closed conduit, such as a pipe, duct or tube.
It is also called as Internal flow.
The other type of flow within a conduit is open channel flow.
These two types of flow are similar in many ways, but differ in one important aspect.
Pipe flow does not have a free surface which is found in open-channel flow.
Pipe flow, being confined within closed conduit, does not exert direct atmospheric pressure, but does exert hydraulic pressure on the conduit.
Not all flow within a closed conduit is considered pipe flow.
Storm sewers are closed conduits but usually maintain a free surface and therefore are considered open-channel flow.
The exception to this is when a storm sewer operates at full capacity, and then can become pipe flow.
Energy in pipe flow is expressed as head and is defined by the Bernoulli equation.
In order to conceptualize head along the course of flow within a pipe, diagrams often contain a hydraulic grade line (HGL).
The viscous shear forces in the fluid causes pipe flow to experience frictional losses as defined by the Darcy-Weisbach formula.
The Yadea G5 is an electric scooter produced by Yadea.
It was presented at EICMA in November 2018 and it went on sale in 2021.
The G5 is offered in three versions, The G5, which has a top speed of 45 km/h (28 mph), G5 Pro with twice the range and G5S, which has a maximum speed of 80 km/h (50 mph).
Appenheim (German pronunciation: [ˈapn̩haɪm]) is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Mainz-Bingen district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Monomoy Girl (foaled March 26, 2015) is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse who was the American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly of 2018 and Champion Older Female Horse of 2020.
She showed very promising form as a juvenile in 2017 when she won her first three races before being narrowly beaten in the Golden Rod Stakes.
In the following spring, she took the Rachel Alexandra Stakes and the Ashland Stakes before winning the Kentucky Oaks, the filly equivalent of the Kentucky Derby.
She followed this up with wins in the Acorn Stakes and Coaching Club American Oaks, but was disqualified to second for interference in the Cotillion Stakes.
She then rebounded to win the Breeders' Cup Distaff while facing older horses for the first time.
Monomoy Girl did not race at age four after suffering a bout of colic.
In 2020, she was undefeated in four starts including the Ruffian Stakes, the La Troienne Stakes and a second Breeders' Cup Distaff.
She was sold at the November 2020 Fasig-Tipton sale for $9.5 million.
Her new owners decided to keep her in training and she began her six-year-old campaign on March 13, 2021, by winning the Bayakoa Stakes.
She was retired in September 2021 after sustaining an injury in training at Churchill Downs.
Brinsworth Academy (formerly Brinsworth Comprehensive School) is a mixed secondary school and sixth form located in Brinsworth, South Yorkshire, England.
The contemporary national legal systems are generally based on one of four major legal traditions: civil law, common law, customary law, religious law or combinations of these.
However, the legal system of each country is shaped by its unique history and so incorporates individual variations.
The science that studies law at the level of legal systems is called comparative law.
Both civil (also known as Roman) and common law systems can be considered the most widespread in the world: civil law because it is the most widespread by landmass and by population overall, and common law because the greatest number of people employ it compared to any single civil law system.
Preuilly Abbey (French: Abbaye de Preuilly-sur-Claise;
Abbaye Saint-Pierre) was a Benedictine monastery in Preuilly-sur-Claise, Indre-et-Loire, France.
The surviving abbey church retains many Romanesque features, notably the intricately carved capitals.
The monastery was founded in 1001 by Effroy, lord of Preuilly and la Roche-Posay, and his wife Beatrice of Issoudun.
In 1008 the archbishop of Tours consecrated the altar in the abbey church, which was dedicated to Saint Peter.
In 1012 King Robert the Pious granted various privileges.
It was pillaged by Protestants in 1562, when the crypt was destroyed.
The monastery was suppressed in 1791 in the French Revolution, but the abbey church survived, although with significant damage and unsympathetic restoration in the 19th century, as a parish church.
Forrest Ann Molinari (born September 4, 1995) is an American freestyle wrestler and mixed martial artist.
She won one of the bronze medals in the women's 65 kg event at the 2021 World Wrestling Championships held in Oslo, Norway.
She is a four-time medalist, including three gold medals, at the Pan American Wrestling Championships.
Minoru Kobayashi (小林 稔, Kobayashi Minoru; born May 14, 1976) is a former Japanese football player and manager.
Joe Scigliano (born April 18, 1977) is a Canadian former soccer player who played in the USL A-League, National Professional Soccer League, and the Vancouver Metro Soccer League.
Jeremiah Noah Morris (6 May 1910 – 28 October 2009) was a Scottish epidemiologist who established the importance of physical activity in preventing cardiovascular disease.
Mario Candido Sebastián (2 May 1926 – 21 August 2006) was an Argentine water polo player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Manoj Barik (born 12 June 1989) is an Indian cricketer.
He made his Twenty20 debut for Odisha in the 2015–16 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy on 4 January 2016.
"Take Me As I Am" is the third single released by Canadian band FM Static, from their third album, Dear Diary.
It is the first song to chart for the band.
The song was originally released for listening before the release of the album, along with "Boy Moves to a New Town With Optimistic Outlook" and "The Unavoidable Battle of Feeling on the Outside".
American Legion was a United States Navy ship first launched on 11 October 1919 and decommissioned on 20 March 1946.
She was built for the United States Shipping Board (USSB), one of the planned World War I troop transports converted before construction into passenger and cargo vessels, the Emergency Fleet Corporation Design 1029 ships.
The ship was laid down as Koda and perhaps assigned the name Badger State at one point, but renamed American Legion before launch and one of only a few of the design not taking a state nickname.
Originally operated by the USSB's agents and the Munson Steamship Line the ship saw commercial service until laid up 13 March 1939.
American Legion was formally transferred to the War Department for use as a United States Army transport on 19 December 1939 operating as USAT American Legion until transfer to the United States Navy 22 August 1941.
The Navy commissioned the ship USS American Legion initially classifying the ship a transport with hull number AP-35.
On 1 February 1943 the Navy reclassified the ship as an attack transport (Harris class) with hull number APA-17.
American Legion decommissioned on 28 March 1946 and was sold for scrap 5 February 1948.
Sikole is a village in the municipality of Negotin, Serbia.
According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 838 people.
Thomisus scrupeus is a species of crab spider in the family Thomisidae.
It is commonly known as the brown crab spider and is widely distributed throughout sub-Saharan Africa.
The 2004 SEAT Cupra Championship season was the second season of the SEAT Cupra Championship in car racing.
It began on 24 April at Brands Hatch, and ended on 28 August at Donington Park, after twelve rounds held in England and Scotland.
The championship was won by James Pickford, after he had finished fifth in the championship's inaugural season.
He held off a late-season charge from Oli Wilkinson to win the championship by just five points, with ex-British Touring Car Championship driver Tom Boardman coming in third.
Pickford's prize for winning the championship was to replace Robert Huff in the SEAT Sport UK team in the BTCC for the 2005 season.
Pickford finished eighth in the championship, with a best result of second, three times.
Hugo Chambon (born 10 August 1996) is a French footballer who plays as a striker for Luxembourg National Division club Progrès Niederkorn.
The National Statistical Institute or NSI (Bulgarian: Национален статистически институт or НСИ) is the Bulgarian state agency responsible for the collection and dissemination of statistical data on the population, economy and environment of the country.
It reports directly to the Prime Minister of the country.
The National Statistical Institute was established in 1880 as a Department of the Ministry of Finance.
It carried out the first census of the population in 1881.
In 1894, the Department becomes part of the Ministry of Trade and Agriculture.
In 1910, the agency published its first annual statistical report, "Statistical Yearbook of the Kingdom of Bulgaria".
State Road 101 in the U.S. state of Indiana is a north–south state highway in the eastern portion of Indiana that exists in four sections with a combined length of 79.42 miles (127.81 km).
Gianfranco Carducci (died) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Lacedonia (1565–1585).
This list of songs about Berlin is an addition to the main article Music in Berlin and contains any songs about or involving the city of Berlin, the capital of Germany.
Sorting is after the year of publication (in brackets).
Pattanaik is a surname.
Notable people with the surname include: Bijayananda Pattanaik (1916–1997), Indian politician, aviator and businessman Devdutt Pattanaik, Indian mythologist, speaker, illustrator and author Gopal Ballav Pattanaik (born 1937), Indian lawyer, Judge of the Supreme Court of India and 32nd Chief Justice of India Hara Pattanaik (1958–2015), Indian actor, director and screenplay writer Janaki Ballabh Pattanaik (1927–2015), Indian politician, Governor of Assam from 2009 to 2014 Kasturi Pattanaik, Odissi dance exponent, performer, choreographer, teacher, trainer and music composer from India Navin Pattanaik (born 1946), Indian politician, 14th Chief Minister of Odisha Prasanta Pattanaik (born 1943), emeritus professor at the Department of Economics at the University of California Rama Kant Pattanaik, PVSM, AVSM, YSM, Deputy Chief of the Naval Staff (DCNS) of Indian Navy and of Integrated Defence Staff (DCIDS)
Rickreall ( RIK-ree-awl) is an unincorporated community in Polk County, Oregon, United States.
For statistical purposes, the United States Census Bureau has defined Rickreall as a census-designated place (CDP).
The census definition of the area may not precisely correspond to local understanding of the area with the same name.
The population of the CDP was 76 at the 2020 census.
Rickreall is part of the Salem Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Rickreall Creek runs along the community's southern edge.
William Roberts (born July 22, 1954) is a former provincial level politician from Alberta, Canada.
He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1986 to 1993.
Paola Andrea Onzaga Franco (Cali, Valle del Cauca, born April 18, 1982) is a Colombian lawyer who focuses on women's legal empowerment and rights.
The Tropical Wet Forests are a Level I ecoregion of North America designated by the Commission for Environmental Cooperation (CEC) in its North American Environmental Atlas.
As the CEC consists only of Mexico, the United States, and Canada, the defined ecoregion does not extend outside these countries to Central America nor the Caribbean.
The Tropical Wet Forests ecoregion in North America includes the southern tip of the Florida Peninsula in the United States; within Mexico, the Gulf Coastal Plain, the western and southern part of the Pacific Coastal Plain, most of the Yucatán Peninsula and the lowlands of the Chiapas Sierra Madre, which continue south to Central and South America.
The region has some overlap with the tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests ecoregion defined by the World Wide Fund for Nature.
Danger Trails is a 1935 American western film directed by Robert F.
Hill and starring Guinn 'Big Boy' Williams, John Elliott and Hal Taliaferro.
It was made by the independent Beacon Productions.
Pillans and Wilson was an Edinburgh printers operating from the Scottish Enlightenment onwards, with a number of well-known clients.
They existed from 1775 to 2002.
Verna Susannah Coleman (née Scott; born 13 September 1925 – 4 November 2011) was an Australian biographer whose work focused on neglected aspects of controversial expatriate literary and political figures.
Marcos Calero Pérez (born 9 April 1993) is a Spanish professional footballer who played most recently as a right back for Constància, until his retirement in July 2018.
Small nuclear RNA (snRNA) is a class of small RNA molecules that are found within the splicing speckles and Cajal bodies of the cell nucleus in eukaryotic cells.
The length of an average snRNA is approximately 150 nucleotides.
They are transcribed by either RNA polymerase II or RNA polymerase III.
Their primary function is in the processing of pre-messenger RNA (hnRNA) in the nucleus.
They have also been shown to aid in the regulation of transcription factors (7SK RNA) or RNA polymerase II (B2 RNA), and in the maintenance of telomeres. snRNA are always associated with a set of specific proteins, and the complexes are referred to as small nuclear ribonucleoproteins (snRNP, often pronounced "snurps").
Each snRNP particle is composed of an snRNA component and several snRNP-specific proteins (including Sm proteins, a family of nuclear proteins).
The most common human snRNA components of these complexes are known, respectively, as: U1 spliceosomal RNA, U2 spliceosomal RNA, U4 spliceosomal RNA, U5 spliceosomal RNA, and U6 spliceosomal RNA.
Their nomenclature derives from their high uridine content. snRNAs were discovered by accident during a gel electrophoresis experiment in 1966.
An unexpected type of RNA was found in the gel and investigated.
Later analysis has shown that these RNA were high in uridylate and were established in the nucleus. snRNAs and small nucleolar RNAs (snoRNAs) are not the same and neither is a subtype of the other.
Each is a separate class of small RNAs.
Small nucleolar RNAs play essential roles in RNA biogenesis and guide chemical modifications of ribosomal RNAs (rRNAs) and other RNA genes including tRNAs and snRNAs.
They are located in the nucleolus and the Cajal bodies of eukaryotic cells (the major sites of RNA synthesis), where they are called scaRNAs (small Cajal body-specific RNAs).
The 2003 European Championship of Ski Mountaineering was the fifth European Championship of ski mountaineering and was held in the Tatra Mountains, Slovakia, from March 28, 2003 to March 30, 2003.
The competition was organized by the International Council for Ski Mountaineering Competitions (ISMC) of the Union Internationale des Associations d'Alpinisme (UIAA).
Kashmiri cinema is the Kashmiri language-based film industry in the Kashmir Valley of the India,- administered union territory of Jammu and Kashmir.
The first Kashmiri feature film, Mainz Raat, was released in 1964.
In 2023, Welcome to Kashmir, directed by Tariq Bhat, became the first Kashmiri-produced Bollywood film to release in Kashmiri cinemas.
Thomas Highgate (by 1533 – 15 August 1576), of Hayes, Middlesex was an English member of parliament.
Anil S Benake is an Indian politician.
He is former member of the Karnataka Legislative Assembly who represented Belgaum Uttar.
He is a member of the Bhartiya Janata Party.
Projectivism or projectionism in philosophy involves attributing (projecting) qualities to an object as if those qualities actually belong to it.
It is a theory for how people interact with the world and has been applied in both ethics and general philosophy.
It is derived from the Humean idea that all judgements about the world derive from internal experience, and that people therefore project their emotional state onto the world and interpret it through the lens of their own experience.
Projectivism can conflict with moral realism, which asserts that moral judgements can be determined from empirical facts, i.e., some things are objectively right or wrong.
35 Engineer Regiment (EOD&S), Royal Engineers is an Explosive Ordnance Disposal and Search unit of the British Army, part of 8th Engineer Brigade.
Claude Seignolle (25 June 1917 – 13 July 2018) was a French author.
His main interests were folklore and archaeology before he turned to fiction.
He also wrote under the pseudonyms 'Starcante', 'S.
Claude' and 'Jean-Robert Dumoulin'.
Baron József Eötvös de Vásárosnamény (pronounced ['joːʒɛf 'øtvøʃ dɛ 'vaːʃaːroʃnɒmeːɲ]; 3 September 1813 – 2 February 1871) was a Hungarian writer and statesman, the son of Ignác baron Eötvös de Vásárosnamény and Anna von Lilien, who stemmed from an Erbsälzer family of Werl in Germany.
Eötvös name is sometimes anglicised as Joseph von Eotvos.
Kristian Elster may refer to: Kristian Elster (born 1841) (1841–1881), Norwegian writer, often called Kristian Elster d.e.
Kristian Elster (born 1881) (1881–1947), Norwegian writer, often called Kristian Elster d.y.
Megachile terminata is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae.
It was described by Morawitz in 1875.
Katie Holmes is a professor of history at La Trobe University, Melbourne, Australia.
She was elected Fellow of the Academy of the Social Sciences in Australia in 2019.
The Helensburgh No. 1 reservoir is of the non-impounding variety.
It is no longer part of the local water supply system and is used by Helensburgh Angling Club.
The earthen dam is 6 metres high and records show it was constructed before 1868.
Lamelas is a Hispanic surname that may refer to the following notable people: David Lamelas (born 1946), Argentine artist Diego Lamelas (born 1972), Uruguayan rugby union player Diogo Lamelas (born 1990), Portuguese football forward Lazaro Lamelas Ramirez (born 1974), Cuban artistic gymnast Peter Lamelas, American diplomat
The American College of Trial Lawyers (ACTL) is a professional association of trial lawyers from the United States and Canada.
Founded in 1950, the College is dedicated to maintaining and improving the standards of trial practice, especially trial advocacy, the administration of justice and the ethics of the profession.
Through its Board of Regents, its general committees, and its state and province committees, the College engages in a wide variety of activities to further those purposes.
The College also awards the Medal for Excellence in Advocacy on a yearly basis, as well as the awards are presented at various events or competitions judged by members of the College.
Partial general elections were held in Suriname in March 1890 to elect three of the nine elected members of the Colonial States.
Thun (German pronunciation: [tuːn] ;
French: Thoune [tun]) is a town and a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
It is located where the Aare flows out of Lake Thun (Thunersee), 30 kilometres (19 miles) southeast of Bern.
As of December 2018, the municipality has about 45,000 inhabitants and around 80,000 live in the agglomeration.
Besides tourism, machine and precision instrument engineering, the largest garrison in the country, the food industry, armaments and publishing are of economic importance to Thun.
Colonel Hercules Arthur Pakenham (17 February 1863 – 28 March 1937) was a unionist politician in Northern Ireland.
A member of the Pakenham family headed by the Earl of Longford, he was the eldest son of Lieutenant-General Thomas Pakenham, by Elizabeth Clarke, daughter of William Clarke, of New York City.
He was educated at Eton and the Royal Military College Sandhurst from which he was commissioned as an officer in the Grenadier Guards in 1883.
He held posts as aide-de-camp to the Governor General of Canada from 1886 to 1888, and to the Governor-General of India from 1888 to 1893.
The following year he was promoted to captain on 12 September 1894.
In 1898 he was promoted to the rank of major in the 4th (Militia) Battalion of the Royal Irish Rifles.
He acted as private secretary to the Governor of Victoria from 1898 to 1900, and in June 1902 was again seconded from his regiment for service under the Colonial Office.
He resigned his commission in the militia on 27 September 1902.
In 1906 he became lieutenant-colonel and commanding officer of the London Irish Rifles, a unit of the Middlesex Rifle Volunteers.
A major landowner in County Antrim, he served as High Sheriff of the county in 1906.
In 1910 he entered local politics when he was elected to the London County Council as a Municipal Reform Party councillor for Marylebone East.
He unsuccessfully sought election in 1913 to the United Kingdom Parliament when he contested the Londonderry City by-election as a Unionist, being defeated by a Liberal by just 57 votes.
When the First World War broke out he raised and commanded the 11th (Service) Battalion Royal Irish Rifles.
He worked for MI5 during the latter part of the war.
In 1917 he was MI5's liaison at the French War Ministry.
In early 1918 he became head of MI5's Washington D.C. office.
Pakenham was elected as an Ulster Unionist Party member of the Senate of Northern Ireland in 1928 and served until 1937.
Pakenham married Lillian Blanche Georgiana Ashley, daughter of Evelyn Ashley and sister of Lord Mount Temple, in 1895.
They had one son and two daughters.
He died in March 1937, aged 74.
His wife survived him by two years and died in September 1939, aged 64.
Eccup Reservoir is a reservoir in Alwoodley, a suburb of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, near the village of Eccup.
It was first constructed in 1843, and expanded to its present size in 1897.
The open water area is 91 hectares (220 acres), making it the largest area of water in West Yorkshire.
It receives water from several smaller reservoirs and from the River Ouse.
The reservoir is owned by Yorkshire Water.
The reservoir and the surrounding woodlands are both Sites of Special Scientific Interest.
The western end of the reservoir is the most vegetated.
Fringing vegetation includes shore-weed (Littorella uniflora) and amphibious bistort (Persicaria amphibia), and such sedges as bottle sedge (Carex rostrata) and bladder sedge (Carex vesicaria), as well as taller stands of bulrush (Typha latifolia) and common spike-rush (Eleocharis palustris).
Bladder sedge is rare in the county, only having been recorded at two other sites.
The reservoir is now home to a growing population of red kites.
The reservoir is visited by large numbers of migrating and overwintering wading birds and waterfowl.
The most significant of these is the goosander, with up to 2% of the British population overwintering here.
Others include wigeon, teal, pochard, shelduck, shoveler, ruddy duck, goldeneye, greylag goose, dunlin and green sandpiper, while mallard and tufted duck are present all year round, as are curlew, redshank and common sandpiper.
There are 25 geocaches around Eccup Reservoir, making it a popular place with walkers.
A circular walk of about 5 mi (8 km) around the reservoir is possible.
Miller Farr Jr. (April 8, 1943 – July 18, 2023) was an American professional football player who was a cornerback for 10 seasons in the American Football League (AFL) and the National Football League (NFL).
Farr attended Wichita State University, lettering in football and track.
In his senior year, he led the nation in kickoff and punt returns.
He was a member of a family of athletes and artists, including a brother and cousins, football players Mel Farr, Lem Barney, and Jerry LeVias, and cousin, singer Marvin Gaye.
Farr was a first-round draft choice by the AFL's Denver Broncos in the 1965 Red Shirt draft, then went to the San Diego Chargers for 1965 and 1966.
He played defensive back for the Houston Oilers from 1967 through 1969.
During the 1967 season, Farr was the AFL co-leader in interceptions with ten (t – Westmoreland, Janik).
Despite a bout with hepatitis, he intercepted two passes for touchdowns in one game in 1968.
He led the AFL in interception touchdowns that year and was selected All-AFL and All-Pro.
Following the AFL–NFL merger, Farr signed with the St.
Louis Cardinals beginning in 1970 where he finished out his NFL career.
In 1974, he played with the Florida Blazers of the World Football League.
A three time American Football League All-Star, Farr established an AFL record for the most touchdowns on pass interceptions in a game (2) and tied the AFL record for a season (3).
Farr was selected to the All-Time All-AFL second-team.
Farr was from a family full of professional football players.
He was the older brother of former NFL player Mel Farr as well as the uncle of former players Mel Farr, Jr. and Mike Farr.
He and his brother attended Hebert High School in Beaumont, Texas, and were among 16 pro footballers given the keys to the city in 1971.
Farr died on July 18, 2023, at the age of 80.
Gamble Creek is a stream in Manatee County, Florida, in the United States.
Gamble Creek derives its name from Major Robert Gamble Jr.
Altraderach Castle (German: Burg Altraderach), also called the Old Castle (Alte Burg) or Little Heathen Palace (Heidenschlösschen), is a levelled castle in the area between Unterraderach and Raderach.
The still easily visible burgstall lies in the parish of Kluftern in the borough of Friedrichshafen in the county of Bodenseekreis in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
The HP-55 was a programmable handheld calculator, a lower-cost alternative to the HP-65.
Introduced by Hewlett-Packard in 1975, it featured twenty storage registers and room for 49 keystroke instructions.
Its outward appearance was similar to the HP-65, but its silver band went through between the display and the keyboard like HP-45, and the functions of some keys were different from HP-65, and it did not have a magnetic card reader/writer.
Like all Hewlett-Packard calculators of the era and most since, the HP-55 used Reverse Polish Notation (RPN) and a four-level automatic operand stack.
Another feature of the HP-55 was that it officially featured a stop-watch function much similar to the hidden stop-watch function of the earlier HP-45 calculator.
This stop-watch function could be accessed by setting the mode-slider to the Timer position.
A quartz-crystal inside the calculator provided an accurate timebase, and it was advertised that the timer ran with as little as +/- 0.01% error.
The data format used by the stop-watch consisted of a combination of units (Hours, Minutes and Seconds), but the HP-55 featured a special conversion function to convert between this format and a pure unit (Hours).
Because of this, data from the stop-watch could easily be used right away in calculations.
The HP-55 also featured several other conversion functions to instantly convert data between the Imperial and Metric systems.
Bill Hewlett's design requirement was that the calculator should fit in his shirt pocket.
That is one reason for the tapered depth of the calculator.
The documentation for the programs in the calculator is complete, including algorithms for hundreds of applications, including the solutions of differential equations, stock price estimation, statistics, and so forth.
James Wells Gair (December 27, 1927 – December 10, 2016) was an American linguist who specialized in the languages of South Asia.
He is best known for his work on Sinhala, much of which was done in collaboration with W.
Other languages on which he worked include Pali, Tamil, and Dhivehi.
NuGeneration (NuGen) was a company that planned to build a new nuclear power station nearby the Sellafield nuclear site in the United Kingdom.
The proposed site was called Moorside, and is to the north and west of Sellafield.
On 8 November 2018, Toshiba announced their withdrawal from the project and intent to liquidate NuGen.
Lucas Pettersson (born 17 April 2006) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player who is a center for the San Diego Gulls of the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect under contract to the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League (NHL).
He was drafted 35th overall by the Ducks in the 2024 NHL entry draft.
Çayırköy can refer to the following villages in Turkey: Çayırköy, Bolu Çayırköy, Maden Çayırköy, Merzifon Çayırköy, Osmancık Çayırköy, Sındırgı
Robert Henry Moore (8 June 1872 - 20 February 1964) was an Anglican priest in the last decade of the 19th century and the first three of the 20th.
Moore was educated at Trinity College, Dublin and ordained in 1897.
After a curacy at St Luke's, Lower Falls, Belfast he went out to Australia.
He served at Kanowna, Mount Morgans, Boulder and Fremantle.
During World War I he served as a Chaplain in the AIF.
When peace returned he became the Rector of Northam.
He was also Archdeacon of Northam from 1921 until 1930; and the Dean of Perth from 1929 to 1947.
He died in 1964, aged 91.
He was married twice: first in 1901 to Jane Josephine Watterson, who died in 1916, and, secondly, in 1921 to Margaret Riley, the daughter of the Archbishop of Perth, Charles Riley.
Dinosaur Land on the German island of Rügen (German: Dinosaurierland Rügen) was opened by Rüdiger Kunkel on 30 April 2008 on land that had belonged to the East German National People's Army (NVA).
The site covers an area of 9.5 hectares in the municipality of Glowe and is not far from the villages of Spycker and Bobbin on Lake Spycker.
The focus of the park is its display of dinosaur models, each with an information board.
In addition there are models of prehistoric fish, marine mammals and the odd turtles, hominids, mammoths and sabre-toothed tigers.
The models are made of glass-reinforced plastics (GFP) and are made by hand.
At the time of opening there were around 1000 of these models displayed on a roughly 800 metre long circular walk.
The largest has a height of twelve metres and a length of 27 metres and represents Diplodocus.
In early 2009 the circular walk was extended to 1,100 metres with around 120 exhibits.
This expansion had an emphasis on marine life.
The park also offers various activities, for example, a simulated archaeological dig on a dinosaur skeleton using shoves and brushes, as well as searching for fossils in the remains of a chalk pit.
Yang Fuqing, may refer to: Yang Fuqing (general) (died 1874), a Chinese general during the Taiping Rebellion Yang Fuqing (scientist) (born 1932), a Chinese computer software expert, member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Curtin is a career member of the Senior Foreign Service of the United States with the rank of Career Minister.
Curtin has held a number of positions in the U.S.
Information Agency, the National Security Council, and the U.S.
From 2007 to 2009, he served as the State Department's Coordinator for International Information Programs.
He has served the United States in various diplomatic posts overseas - namely, South Korea, Finland and Poland.
Macroprotodon abubakeri is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
It is one of four species in the genus Macroprotodon.
Judan Ali is an English football football coach, working as the head of development for F.C.
He is the first BAME British national to hold a position of technical director for a FIFA member association.
Asu is a Turkish feminine given name that means "naughty child", also shortened version of Asuman and Asude.
Jennie Gerhardt is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by Marion Gering for Paramount Pictures.
It stars Sylvia Sidney, Mary Astor, and Edward Arnold.
The film is based on the 1911 novel Jennie Gerhardt by Theodore Dreiser.
The Admiral-class battlecruisers were to have been a class of four British Royal Navy battlecruisers built near the end of World War I.
Their design began as an improved version of the Queen Elizabeth-class battleships, but it was recast as a battlecruiser after Admiral John Jellicoe, commander of the Grand Fleet, pointed out that there was no real need for more battleships, but that a number of German battlecruisers had been laid down that were superior to the bulk of the Grand Fleet's battlecruisers and the design was revised to counter these.
The class was to have consisted of HMS Hood, Anson, Howe, and Rodney — all names of famous admirals — but the latter three ships were suspended as the material and labour required to complete them was needed for higher-priority merchantmen and escort vessels.
Their designs were updated to incorporate the lessons from the Battle of Jutland, but the Admiralty eventually decided that it was better to begin again with a clean-slate design so they were cancelled in 1919.
No more battlecruisers would be built due to the arms limitations agreements of the interbellum.
Hood, however, was sufficiently advanced in construction that she was completed in 1920 and immediately became flagship of the Battlecruiser Squadron of the Atlantic Fleet.
She served as the flagship of the Special Service Squadron during its round-the-world cruise in 1923–1924.
Hood was transferred to the Mediterranean Fleet in 1936 and spent much of the next few years on Non-Intervention Patrols during the Spanish Civil War, returning to the United Kingdom and the Battlecruiser Squadron of the Home Fleet before the beginning of World War II.
Hood spent most of the early part of the war patrolling against German commerce raiders and escorting convoys.
Flagship of Force H, based at Gibraltar, she bombarded French ships during the attack on Mers-el-Kébir.
In May 1941 Hood and the battleship Prince of Wales were ordered to intercept the German battleship Bismarck and the heavy cruiser Prinz Eugen as they attempted to break out into the North Atlantic.
In the subsequent Battle of the Denmark Strait, the aft magazines of Hood exploded, sinking her within five minutes of opening fire.
Ellis Bernard Johnson (born October 30, 1973) is an American former professional football player who was a defensive tackle in the National Football League (NFL) for ten seasons during the 1990s and 2000s.
Johnson played college football for the University of Florida, and was recognized as the National Defensive Player of the Year.
He was selected in the first round of the 1995 NFL draft, and played professionally for the Indianapolis Colts, Atlanta Falcons and Denver Broncos of the NFL.
Algonquin is a census-designated place (CDP) in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.
The population was 1,241 at the 2010 census.
The community was named for the Algonquin people, one of the Native American tribes in the East.
The Satellite Award for Best Art Direction and Production Design is one of the annual awards given by the International Press Academy.
Adjassou-Linguetor is a loa with protruding eyes and a bad temper in Haitian Vodou.
She governs spring water.
Korean fabric arts are fabric arts in the style or tradition used by the people on the Korean Peninsula.
Fabrics often used include guksa, nobang, sha, jangmidan, Korean-made jacquard, brocade, and satin.
Specific crafts consist of the Korean quilts known as bojagi, Korean embroidery, Korean knots, Korean clothing, and the rarer arts of Korean blinds weaving and Korean paper clothing.
In cryptography, MDC-2 (Modification Detection Code 2, sometimes called Meyer–Schilling, standardized in ISO 10118-2) is a cryptographic hash function.
MDC-2 is a hash function based on a block cipher with a proof of security in the ideal-cipher model.
The length of the output hash depends on the underlying block cipher used.
Arsénio Trindade Duarte (16 October 1925 – 11 February 1986), simply known as Arsénio, was a Portuguese footballer who played as a forward.
He amassed Primeira Liga totals of 313 games and 211 goals during 16 seasons, most notably at Benfica.
Moses bar Samuel ha-Kohen ibn Gikatilla was a Jewish grammarian and Bible exegete of the late eleventh century.
A presidential election was held in Alabama on November 9, 1840 as part of the 1840 United States presidential election.
Voters chose seven representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Alabama voted for the Democratic candidate, Martin Van Buren, over Whig candidate William Henry Harrison.
Van Buren won Alabama by a margin of 8.76%.
As of 2024, this remains the only time in American history that Alabama has voted for a different presidential candidate than neighboring Mississippi.
Nueva Armenia (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈnweβa aɾˈmenja]) is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán.
The 4th federal electoral district of Morelos (Spanish: Distrito electoral federal 04 de Morelos) is one of the 300 electoral districts into which Mexico is divided for elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of five such districts in the state of Morelos.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period by means of the first-past-the-post system.
Votes cast in the district also count towards the calculation of proportional representation ("plurinominal") deputies elected from the fourth region.
The 4th district was created through the 1977 electoral reforms, which increased the number of single-member seats in the Chamber of Deputies from 196 to 300.
Under those reforms, Morelos's seat allocation rose from two to four.
The two new districts were first contested in the 1979 mid-term election.
The current member for the district, elected in the 2024 general election, is Juan Ángel Flores Bustamante of the National Regeneration Movement (Morena).
Ringwood State Park is a 4,444 acres (17.98 km2) state park in Passaic County in northeastern New Jersey, USA.
The Park is located in the heart of the Ramapo Mountains in Ringwood.
Its forests are part of the Northeastern coastal forests ecoregion.
It contains the New Jersey Botanical Garden at Skylands (includes Skylands Manor), the historic Ringwood Manor and the Shepherd Lake Recreation Area.
The park is operated and maintained by the New Jersey Division of Parks and Forestry.
HD 222925 is a horizontal branch star about 1,470 light years away in the southern constellation Tucana.
It is magnitude 9, far below naked-eye visibility.
It is an Ap star, a type of chemically peculiar star with an over-abundance of certain metals in its spectrum.
HD 222925 has been referred to as the 'gold standard star' by the media.
In 2022, astronomers from the University of Michigan identified 65 elements in the star (including gold), a turning point to help the scientific community understand the rapid neutron capture process.
The elements were produced in a massive supernova or a merger of neutron stars early in the universe, and it was ejected into space where it later reformed into the current star.
The women's 400-metre freestyle competition at the 2019 World Championships was held on 21 July 2019.
Ariarne Titmus overcame a .62-second deficit in the last 50 metres to defeat defending champion Katie Ledecky.
This was Ledecky's first loss in a major international 400 metre freestyle competition.
Chitharanjan is an Indian politician who served as the MLA of Alappuzha constituency from May 2021 till May 2026.
Chitharanjan belongs to the CPIM and contested the State Assembly Elections from the Alappuzha Constituency.
He won the election by beating Dr.
Chitharanjan also served as the Board Member and Chairman of the Matsyafed which is the apex corporation in the Fisheries sectors of the state in which hundreds of smaller, regional co-operatives in the coastal sector are affiliated.
Alfaroa manningii, or gavilán colorado, is a valued lumber tree of the Walnut family endemic to the premontane Costa Rican rain forest.
The specific epithet honors the American botanist Wayne Eyer Manning (1899–2004).
Danielle Cable: Eyewitness is a British television true crime drama film, based upon the murder of Stephen Cameron by Kenneth Noye in a road rage incident in 1996.
The film was co-written for television by playwrights Kate Brooke and Terry Winsor, and was directed by Adrian Shergold.
It was first broadcast on ITV on 14 April 2003.
The film details the events following the killing, in which the sole witness to the murder, Cameron's fiancée Danielle Cable (Joanne Froggatt), is forced to change her identity and go into hiding after giving evidence which helped convict Noye in court.
The film was screened on the third anniversary of Noye's conviction for Stephen's murder, which occurred on 14 April 2000.
Prior to filming, Froggatt met with the real-life Danielle Cable in a secret location, while under the protection of two bodyguards who prevented Danielle from revealing any information that might lead to her being found.
Frogatt was later nominated for the Royal Television Society Award for Best Actress for her role as Cable, and the film itself was also nominated for the BAFTA TV Award for Best Single Drama.
The film drew 8.59 million viewers on its debut broadcast.
Notably, it has never been available on DVD, although it is available on YouTube.
SS Conte Grande was a Lloyd Sabaudo ocean liner built in 1927 by Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino in Trieste, Italy, to service the transatlantic passenger line between Genoa, Italy, and New York City.
Launched on 29 June 1927, her maiden voyage was from Genoa to Naples to New York City, which occurred on 13 April 1928.
In 1932, after acquisition by the Italian Line, she was transferred to the South America service but was laid up in Santos, Brazil in 1940.
During World War II, she was acquired by the United States and was used as an American troopship—renamed USS Monticello (AP-61) in 1942.
After the war, in 1947, she was returned to the Italian Line and renamed Conte Grande.
After a two-year hiatus, in 1949, she resumed service to South America.
In 1960, she was transferred from the Italian Line to Lloyd Triestino (also chartered by Italian Line), where she served for another year until being scrapped in 1961.
Her sister ship was the SS Conte Biancamano.
Longgan Lake (simplified Chinese: 龙感湖; traditional Chinese: 龍感湖; pinyin: Lónggǎn Hú) is a freshwater lake in central China, divided between Susong County of Anhui Province and Huangmei County at the eastern extremity of Hubei Province.
The lake is situated near the north bank of the middle reaches of Yangtze River, opposite Poyang Lake (which is south of the Yangtze).
The lake was named Longgan Lake in a 1955 decision which combined the names of two former lakes, Long Lake (龙湖) and Gan Lake (感湖).
As of 1998, the lake's water surface area was 316.2 square kilometres (100 sq mi).
It is an important marsh protective area.
Longgan Lake is an important aquatic farming area.
Lamarsh is a village and a civil parish in the Braintree District, in the county of Essex, England.
It is near the large village of Bures and the village of Alphamstone.
The village is west of the River Stour.
It has a pub, a village hall and a church called The Friends of Holy Innocents Church.
At the 2021 census the parish had a population of 188.
The name Lamarsh comes from the phrase "Loamy marsh".
This is derived from the Old English terms lām and mersc, which translate into loam or clay and a marsh respectively.
In the 1870s, Lamarsh was described as: "LAMARSH, a parish, with a village, in the district of Sudbury and county of Essex; adjacent to the river Stour at the boundary with Suffolk, 2½ miles NW of Bures r. station, and 4 SSE of Sudbury."
Yuri Fyodorovich Marushkin (Russian: Юрий Фёдорович Марушкин; 10 July 1944 – 12 December 2015) was a Russian football player and manager.
Madaya is a town in the Mandalay Region of central Myanmar.
It is the seat of Madaya Township.
It lies along National Highway 31 (Mandalay-Myitkyina Road).
Lamaing lies just to the south-east.
The Madaya River in the area is connected to the Mandalay Canal, and crosses the township of Madaya diagonally for some 30 miles and joins the Irrawaddy River.
Phumzile Khanyile (born 1991) is a South African photographer, living in Johannesburg.
Her series Plastic Crowns is about women's lives and sexual politics.
The series has been shown in group exhibitions at the Palace of the Dukes of Cadaval in Evora, Portugal;
Iziko South African National Gallery in Cape Town; and the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne, Australia; and was a winner of the CAP Prize for Contemporary African Photography.
Dezső Király (5 February 1896 – 11 June 1966) was a Hungarian writer.
His work was part of the literature event in the art competition at the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Kasimedu is a hamlet in the neighbourhood of Royapuram, in Chennai district of Tamil Nadu state in the peninsular India.
This hamlet is occupied by fishermen whose families depend on the fishing harbour and the fish market nearby.
It stretches for about 2 km, near Ennore fishing harbour along the shore, north of Chennai Port.
Large numbers of victims from Kasimedu fishing community were found during the tsunami observed on 26 December 2004.
Kasimedu is located at about 5 km from Chennai Beach railway station.
Near about 200 tons of fishes are brought to Kasimedu, daily.
State Highway 114 (Ennore Express road) passes through Kasimedu.
Urophora bakhtiari is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Urophora of the family Tephritidae.
Its host plant is flower heads of Cousinia archibaldii.
Lieutenant-General Sir Hildebrand Oakes, 1st Baronet, GCB (19 January 1754 – 9 September 1822) was a British Army officer.
Xenia Tchoumitcheva (Ксения Чумичева, born 5 August 1987), known professionally as Xenia Tchoumi, is a Swiss model, entrepreneur, and content creator.
Wólka Nurzecka [ˈvulka nuˈʐɛt͡ska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.
Notable people with the surname Gault are: In politics Andrew Hamilton Gault (1882–1958), Canadian army officer and MP in the UK parliament Daniel Gault (1842–1912), Oregon politician Matthew Hamilton Gault (1822–1887), Canadian politician In sport David Gault (born 1976), Australian footballer Don Gault (born 1946), American football player Ernie Gault (1889–1980), English footballer Georges Gault, French tennis player Michael Gault (born 1983), Northern Ireland football player Mick Gault, English competitive shooter Willie Gault (born 1960), American football player In other fields Alma Elizabeth Gault (1891–1981), American nursing administrator Annabel Gault (born 1952), British artist Andrew Frederick Gault (1833–1903), Ulster-born Canadian merchant, industrialist, and philanthropist Benjamin True Gault (1858–1942), American ornithologist and bird conservationist Henri Gault (1929–2000), co-founder of Gault Millau restaurant guides Sir James Frederick Gault (1902–1977), British brigadier and military assistant to General Dwight Eisenhower John Gault, American entrepreneur and inventor Steven Gault, Canadian biker and police informer Stanley Gault (born 1926), CEO of Rubbermaid Thomas Gault (1938–2015), New Zealand judge William Campbell Gault (1910–1995), American novelist Fictional people Lucy Gault, principal character in William Trevor's novel The Story of Lucy Gault Captain Gault, an English sea captain in stories by William Hope Hodgson Captain Gault, one of the Characters of Lost
Dick Campbell, born Cornelius Coleridge Campbell (June 27, 1903 – December 20, 1994), was a key figure in black theater during the Harlem Renaissance.
While a successful performer in his own right, Campbell is best known as a tireless advocate for black actors in general.
As a theater producer and director, he helped launch the careers of several black theater artists, including Ossie Davis, Frederick O'Neal, Loften Mitchell, Helen Martin, and Abram Hill.
He was a co-founder of the Negro People's Theatre in 1935 and the Rose McLendon Players in 1937, which soon produced only plays written by African Americans.
That year, Campbell co-founded the Negro Actors Guild as well.
His advocacy of the hiring of more blacks in TV included a boycott in 1955.
From 1956 to 1964, he represented the State Department in Africa in its International Cultural Exchange Program.
Later he was appointed to public affairs for the Human Resources Administration under Mayor John Lindsay and acted as a spokesperson for his anti-poverty programs.
In 1972, he was co-founder of the Sickle Cell Disease Foundation of Greater New York and served as its executive director until his death.
The Daihatsu Esse (Japanese: ダイハツ・エッセ, Hepburn: Daihatsu Esse) is a kei car manufactured by the Japanese automaker Daihatsu.
With a base price of ¥680,000, it was one of the cheapest new cars in Japan when launched in December 2005.
According to Daihatsu, the name was derived from the Latin root for the English word "essence", but also serves as a backronym for "Eco, Simple and Smart, and Easy".
Schloss Elmau is a four-story castle and national monument with hipped roof, tower and porch, situated between Garmisch-Partenkirchen and Mittenwald in a sanctuary of the Bavarian Alps, Germany.
It lies at the foot of the Wetterstein mountains in a Naturschutzgebiet (nature reserve), belonging to the Krün municipality.
It was built by philosopher and theologian Johannes Müller and architect Carl Sattler between 1914 and 1916.
Antaeotricha diacta is a moth of the family Depressariidae.
It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is about 17 mm.
The forewings are white, faintly fuscous-tinged on the dorsal area and with dark fuscous markings.
There is a streak from the extreme base of the costa to one-fifth of the dorsum.
The first discal and plical stigmata are moderate, the plical posterior, connected with the dorsum before the middle by some fuscous suffusion.
There is a cloudy line from the costa before the middle to three-fourths of the dorsum, widely interrupted beneath the costa, marked with a stronger dot in the disc, expanded into a suffused spot towards the dorsum.
A curved line is found from three-fourths of the costa to the tornus, somewhat sinuate inwards toward the costa and there are eight marginal dots around the apex and termen.
The hindwings are whitish.
Visionaries is an underground hip-hop group from Los Angeles, California.
The group formed in 1995, and have since released five full-length albums on Up Above Records, and their own label Visionaries Crew, Inc., with their sixth studio album scheduled to release in 2026.
The crew's six members have collectively released over fifty solo and side projects.
They have collaborated and performed with many other artists, including Wu-Tang Clan, Nas, Common, Mos Def, Talib Kweli, Dilated Peoples, De La Soul, Blackalicious, Jean Grae, Psycho Realm, J Dilla, Jurassic 5 and Linkin Park.
Shehu Aliyu Yemmedi is a Nigerian politician from Kano State who represented the Karaye/Rogo constituency in the House of Representatives at the National Assembly.
He was initially elected in 1999, serving until 2003, and then re-elected in 2003, holding office until 2007 as a member of the People's Democratic Party (PDP).
He was succeeded by Ahmad Audi Zarewa in 2007.
Ọhanaeze Ndigbo is an Igbo socio-cultural organization in Nigeria whose members or reps can come from any state in Nigeria.
The group aims to represent the interests of all Igbo political parties within and outside Nigeria.
As of 2025, the group is headed by Senator John Azụta-Mbata.
One of the group's main objectives is to foster unity among its members in order to more effectively represent the political interests of Igbos in Nigeria.
Zaboli Mahalleh-ye Mahastan (Persian: زابلی محله ماهستان, also Romanized as Zābolī Maḩalleh-ye Māhastān) is a village in Katul Rural District, in the Central District of Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.
At the 2016 census, its population was 559, in 154 families.
In 1872, Horace Greeley ran unsuccessfully for President of the United States.
He served as the candidate of both the Democrats and the Liberal Republicans (a breakaway party that split off from the Republican Party due to its members' dislike of the corruption of the Republicans and the Republicans' Reconstruction policies), in the 1872 election.
In the run-up to the 1872 United States presidential election, major changes occurred in the United States.
Specifically, the 15th Amendment gave African Americans the right to vote for the first time, while the government cracked down on the Ku Klux Klan.
In addition, the economy was still in good shape and President Ulysses S.
Grant's corruption scandals for the most part was still not public knowledge.
With this background, the incumbent U.S.
President was able to decisively defeat Greeley.
Donghai Airlines is an airline headquartered in Shenzhen, Guangdong, with its base at Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport.
The Zemskaya Rat or Zemstvo Host (Russian: Земская рать) were the White armed forces in the Amur region, formed from the White Guard troops in Primorye, which existed between July and October 1922.
Campbell (April 25, 1845 – January 4, 1904), also known as T.
Campbell, was an American lawyer and Republican political boss of Cincinnati, Ohio.
The 2015 NASCAR K&N Pro Series West was the sixty-second season of the K&N Pro Series West.
Beginning with the NAPA Auto Parts 150 at Kern County Raceway Park on March 28, the season ended on November 12 with the Casino Arizona 200 at Phoenix International Raceway .
Two-time champion Greg Pursley did not defend his series title, as he retired at the end of the 2014 season.
Chris Eggleston won the championship, seven points ahead of Noah Gragson.
The 2001 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series was the seventh season of the Craftsman Truck Series, the third highest stock car racing series sanctioned by NASCAR in the United States.
Jack Sprague of Hendrick Motorsports was crowned drivers' champion for the third time.
Alison Whittaker is an Aboriginal Australian poet and academic of the Gomeroi people.
She is a senior researcher at the University of Technology Sydney.
The Sarposa Prison attack was a raid on the Sarposa Prison in Kandahar, Afghanistan by Taliban insurgents on June 13, 2008.
One of the largest attacks by Afghan insurgents, the raid freed 400-1,000 prisoners.
As of 2008, prison administration was overseen by Abdul Qabir.
Sir Richard Cope, 9th Baronet (died 6 November 1806) was an English clergyman who served as Chaplain to the Speaker of the House of Commons.
Cope was the son of Galen Cope, Rector of Eversley, Hampshire (himself the son of Sir John Cope, 5th Baronet).
He was educated at Clare College, Cambridge (matriculated 1740, graduated B.A. 1744, M.A. 1747, D.D. 1765), and was ordained priest in February 1746.
In 1751, Cope was appointed the 28th Chaplain to the Speaker of the House of Commons by Speaker Arthur Onslow.
Cope was a Prebendary of Westminster Abbey 1754–1806, Rector of Islip, Oxfordshire from 1767, and Rector of Eversley.
Cope succeeded to the Cope baronetcy in 1779, and died on 6 November 1806.
11 Minutes may refer to: Eleven Minutes, a 2003 novel by Paulo Coelho Eleven Minutes, a 2009 documentary film about the first Project Runway winner, Jay McCarroll 11 Minutes (film), a 2015 film by Jerzy Skolimowski "11 Minutes" (song), a 2019 song by Yungblud and Halsey 11 Minutes, a 2022 4-episode documentary TV series by Jeff Zimbalist
USC&GS Derickson was a PCS-1376-class patrol craft sweeper/survey ship in service with the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Entering service in 1944, she was out of service by 1948, and sold by 1954.
She was laid down on 25 April 1943, as PCS-1458 by Ballard Marine Railway for the United States Navy, but never actually saw any military service.
She was launched on 6 November 1943, and was loaned to the U.S.
Coast and Geodetic Survey on 17 May 1944 and commissioned as USC&GS Derickson.
Ten days later, she was reclassified as a survey ship by the U.S.
She would serve in this capacity until 1948.
Derickson was struck from the Naval Register on 23 November 1948, when she was permanently transferred to the Department of Commerce.
In 1954, she was sold for US$23,896.99.
Her current fate is unknown.
Horizon Industrial Parks Limited is an Indian industrial and logistics infrastructure company that develops, owns, and operates industrial parks and warehousing assets.
Launched in 2022 by funds managed by Blackstone Real Estate as a dedicated logistics platform in India, the company operates across major Indian cities, serving tenants in e-commerce, retail, manufacturing, and third-party logistics.
The Stone Fleet was the colloquial name for the small coastal ships that carried crushed-stone construction aggregate ('blue metal') to Sydney from the Illawarra ports of Kiama and Shellharbour and the nearby ocean jetties at Bombo and Bass Point.
The coastal shipping trade carried on by these ships was known colloquially as the 'Stone Trade' or 'Blue Diamond Trade'.
The trade ended finally in 2011.
The colonial period of South Carolina saw The exploration and colonization of the region by European colonists during the early modern period, eventually resulting in the establishment of the Province of Carolina by English settlers in 1663, which was then divided to create the Province of South Carolina in 1710.
European settlement in the region of modern-day South Carolina began on a large scale after 1651, when frontiersmen from the English colony of Virginia began to settle in the northern half of the region, while the southern half saw the immigration of plantation owners from Barbados, who established slave plantations which cultivated cash crops such as tobacco, cotton, rice and indigo.
During the 18th century, South Carolina's capital city of Charleston became a major port in the triangular trade, and local colonists developed indigo, rice and Sea Island cotton using slave labor as export goods, transforming the colony into one of the most prosperous of the Thirteen Colonies.
The colonial government of South Carolina fought several conflicts with local Indian tribes and Spanish Florida while fending off the threat of piracy.
Birth rates were high and food was abundant, which offset the danger of malaria to produce rapid population growth among white South Carolinians.
With the expansion of the colony's plantation economy, numerous African slaves were imported to South Carolina via the Atlantic slave trade, who comprised a majority of the population by 1708, and were integral to its development.
The colony developed a system of laws and self-government and a growing commitment to republicanism, which the Patriots feared was threatened by British policies after 1765.
At the same time, men with close commercial and political ties to Great Britain tended to support the Loyalist cause when the American Revolutionary War broke out.
South Carolina joined the American Revolution in 1775, but was bitterly divided between Patriots and Loyalists.
British forces invaded South Carolina in 1780 and captured most of the state, but were eventually driven out.
Borek [ˈbɔrɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
Kang Bo-bae (Korean: 강보배; born June 12, 2005, in Uijeongbu) is a South Korean curler from Jeonbuk.
She currently skips the Jeonbuk Province curling team.
She is a two-time world junior champion skip (2025, 2026).
Stevens House is a historic plantation house located at Selma, Johnston County, North Carolina.
It was built about 1850, and is a two-story, three-bay, vernacular Greek Revival style frame farmhouse.
It has a single exterior brick end chimney and a rear shed addition added about 1940 and extended across the entire rear elevation about 1970.
Also on the property are the contributing large barn and square tobacco barn, both built about 1900.
After the Confederate Army defeat at the Battle of Bentonville (March 19–21, 1865) the army re-assembled around the grounds of the house where the last Grand Review of the army was held on April 6, 1865.
In attendance at the review were Generals William J.
Johnston, and Governor Zebulon Baird Vance.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Yuko Gibu (儀武 ゆう子, Gibu Yūko; born January 28, 1981 in Okinawa Prefecture, Japan) is a Japanese voice actress.
Keith Wickham is an English voice actor, comedian and screenwriter.
He is known for providing the voices of various characters in the children's television series 64 Zoo Lane and Thomas and Friends.
Captain Thomas Vicars Hunter (2 April 1897 – 5 December 1917) was a British First World War flying ace credited with five aerial victories.
While serving in the Rifle Brigade he had a leg amputated following a motorcycle accident; he was the first known military pilot to qualify and fly in combat despite his disability.
Laburnum Grove is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Carol Reed and starring Edmund Gwenn, Cedric Hardwicke and Victoria Hopper.
It was based on the 1933 play of the same name written by J.
Gwenn, Ethel Coleridge, Francis James, James Harcourt and David Hawthorne all repeated their roles from the play's original 1933-34 West End production, which had been directed by Hardwicke.
Locatora Radio: A Radiophonic Novela is a feminist talk podcast created by co-hosts Ariana Rodriguez and Zoe Muñoz, known professionally as Diosa Femme and Mala Muñoz.
The show focuses on the lives and experiences of Latinx femmes through discussions on various topics like mental health, art, politics, and gender expression.
The podcast is independently produced and recorded at Espacio 1839 in Los Angeles.
The first episode premiered online on November 15, 2016.
Locatora Radio was recommended by Los Angeles and Oprah Magazine.
These are the full results of the 1994 European Cup Super League in athletics which was held on 25 and 26 June 1994 at the Alexander Stadium in Birmingham, United Kingdom.
Lennon or McCartney is a 2014 Canadian documentary short film directed by Matt Schichter.
The film is a compilation of 550 celebrities' responses, taken from interviews throughout the decade, to the question of which of the two former Beatles is superior: John Lennon or Paul McCartney.
Among the celebrities included in the film are the Arctic Monkeys, Benedict Cumberbatch, Bridgit Mendler, Carly Rae Jepsen, Justin Bieber, Metallica, Miss Piggy, Morgan Freeman, Sylvester Stallone, Steve-O, and Tommy Chong.
Of the responses, 282 answered "John Lennon", 196 answered "Paul McCartney", 15 answered "George Harrison", four answered "Ringo Starr", one answered "Jimi Hendrix", one answered "Lou Reed", one answered "Keith Richards", one answered "Oasis", and 50 did not answer.
Schichter stated at the time of its release that "I had all the video footage from the interviews, but never thought about compiling it all until last month ...
I just went for it, hoping people would dig it."
Jeno 'Doc' Tihanyi (Hungarian: Tihanyi Jenő; 1936 - March 4, 2007) was a Canadian swim coach inducted into the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame in 2004.
He was the fourth coach in Canadian History to receive such an honour.
He was named Ontario University Athletics (OUA) Coach of the Year in 1990 and OWIAA Coach of the Year in 1994.
He was best known for coaching famed Individual Medley swimmer Alex Baumann to two Olympic gold medals in the 1984 Los Angeles Olympic Games.
Baumann later remarked that Tihanyi served as a second father to him, after his natural father died in 1983.
He was fondly remembered by his wife Cathy, who said: "both [Baumann and he] had the same qualities: the drive, outlook, discipline and the strength to overcome whatever difficulty they faced in life...
These qualities allowed them to reach the pinnacle of the sport and bring home two gold medals in 1984." Tihanyi earned a diploma in physical education from his homeland of Hungary.
After immigrating to Canada, he earned both a bachelor's degree and master's degree in physical education at the University of British Columbia.
In 1972, he earned a Ph.D. at the University of Alberta.
His doctoral thesis was entitled "Relationship of selected maturational determinants to competitive swimming." In 1974, Tihanyi became a professor at Laurentian University, located in Sudbury, Ontario, and was a professor in child growth and development in the School of Human Movement.
He founded both the Laurentian University Aqua Vees Varsity Swim Team and the age-group Laurentian University Swim Club (now known as Sudbury Laurentian Swim Club) as head coach.
He was the director of the division of physical education from 1993 to 1996 (now known as the School of Human Kinetics).
Although Tihanyi coached several national and international level athletes, his coaching philosophy actually focused on personal self-improvement first.
Once that stage was achieved in an athlete, the coach moved to focus and self-discipline: "He was so detailed," said Baumann. "All the workouts were meticulously planned." Baumann recalled that Tinhanyi was fond of the dictum: "'if you fail to plan, you plan to fail'.
I still [in 2007] see coaches who plan their workouts on the way to the pool." After his death in 2007, Laurentian University officially renamed its swimming facilities the Jeno Tihanyi Olympic Gold Pool in his memory.
The Chagrin Valley Times is a Northeast Ohio weekly newspaper covering the eastern suburbs of Cleveland in Cuyahoga and Geauga counties.
The newspaper is published every Thursday and was founded in 1971.
It is produced in the village of Chagrin Falls, Ohio.
Etlingera muluensis is a monocotyledonous plant species described by Rosemary Margaret Smith.
Etlingera muluensis is part of the genus Etlingera and the family Zingiberaceae.
No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
Rothco, later rebranded as Droga5 Dublin, is a creative and advertising agency based in Dublin, Ireland.
The agency was founded in 1995, employs more than 150 people, and was acquired by Accenture in December 2017.
Accenture, which also acquired the Droga5 agency in 2019, rebranded Rothco as "Droga5 Dublin" in 2022.
Warren Bell (born 23 July 1986) is a South African first-class cricketer.
He was included in the Griqualand West cricket team squad for the 2015 Africa T20 Cup.
He was the leading wicket-taker in the 2017–18 CSA Provincial One-Day Challenge tournament for Northern Cape, with nine dismissals in five matches.
Five Nights at Freddy's 2 is a 2025 American supernatural horror film based on the video game series Five Nights at Freddy's created by Scott Cawthon and the sequel to the 2023 film adaptation.
The film was directed by Emma Tammi and written by Cawthon.
Josh Hutcherson, Elizabeth Lail, Piper Rubio, and Matthew Lillard reprise their roles from the previous film, with Mckenna Grace, Wayne Knight, and Skeet Ulrich joining the cast.
Set a year and a half after the previous film, it follows Abby Schmidt (Rubio) as she is manipulated by the Marionette, an animatronic from the original Freddy Fazbear's Pizza, who plots revenge against adults.
Cawthon stated in August 2018 that there could be a second Five Nights at Freddy's film based on the events of the series' second game if the first film were successful.
Hutcherson revealed the development of a sequel in January 2024, with Blumhouse Productions confirming it three months later.
Principal photography began in November 2024 and concluded in February 2025 in New Orleans and surrounding communities.
Five Nights at Freddy's 2 premiered at the TCL Chinese Theater on December 2, 2025, and was released in the United States by Universal Pictures on December 5.
The film received negative reviews from critics but was a commercial success, grossing $240 million worldwide against a budget between $36–51 million.
Taghzout (Senhaja De Srair: Taɣzut) is a small town and rural commune in Al Hoceïma Province of the Tanger-Tétouan-Al Hoceima region of Morocco.
At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 5115 people living in 912 households.
SEST may refer to: Swedish-ESO Submillimetre Telescope, a radio telescope located in South America The ICAO airport code for San Cristóbal Airport on San Cristóbal Island in Ecuador
Pivdenne urban hromada (Ukrainian: Південнівська міська громада) is a hromada in Odesa Raion of Odesa Oblast in southwestern Ukraine.
Population: 35,273 (2020 est.) The hromada consists of the city of Pivdenne, a rural settlement Novi Biliari and 5 villages: Biliari Buldynka Hryhorivka Koshary Sychavka
972 Cohnia is a minor planet orbiting the Sun, one of several such in the asteroid belt.
It was discovered on 18 January 1908 by a team in Heidelberg led by Max Wolf.
In 2007, lightcurve data showed that Cohnia rotates every 18.472 ± 0.004 hours.
It is named after the German astronomer Fritz Cohn.
Julián Ladera [who-lee-an' / lah-day'-rah] (July 15, 1928 – September 14, 1973) was a Venezuelan professional baseball pitcher.
Listed at 5 ft 10 in (1.78 m), 165 lb (75 kg), he batted and threw right-handed.
A reliable and durable pitcher, Ladera spent 16 years in the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League from 1949 through 1965.
Although a starter for most of his career, he also filled significant relief roles coming out of the bullpen, serving as a closer, middle reliever, or set-up man as well.
His repertoire of pitches included a heavy fastball, a changeup, and a curve which he threw from a sidearm angle.
Notably, Ladera also hurled in the Minor leagues, Mexican baseball and the Caribbean Series during the same span of time, being comfortable in his jack-of-all-trades role along the way in the many leagues in which he played.
Fairfield is an unincorporated community in Blount County, Tennessee.
Fairfield is 5.8 miles (9.3 km) east of Maryville.
Henrik Dettmann (born 5 April 1958) is a Finnish professional basketball coach who last served as head coach of the French LNB Pro A team SIG Strasbourg and the Finnish national basketball team.
He was the head coach of German national basketball team from 1997 to 2003, winning the bronze medal at the 2002 FIBA World Championship.
In 2004, Dettman won FIBA EuroCup Challenge with Mitteldeutscher.
He coached Finland national team on two occasions, for 23 years in total.
Dettmann is currently working as a coaching director of Finland Basketball Association.
Munsö Church (Swedish: Munsö kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Diocese of Stockholm.
Its site, Munsö, is a village and formerly an island in Ekerö Municipality, Sweden.
Because of post-glacial rebound, this island in Lake Mälaren is now connected to the island Ekerö.
Munsö Church lies not far from Väsby hage Nature Reserve.
The round church at Munsö is one of a few so-called round churches in Sweden.
Ommeganck may refer to: Balthasar Paul Ommeganck (1755–1826), Flemish painter Maria Jacoba Ommeganck (1760–1849), Flemish painter Ommegang, generic name for various Low Countries medieval pageants
Chris Priestley (born 1957) is a British children's book author and illustrator.
He lives in Cambridge, England.
Miguel Duarte (born 1 December 1966) is a Portuguese equestrian.
He competed in two events at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hayez is a French-language surname related to the word haie 'hedge'.
Notable people with the surname include: Francesco Hayez (1791–1882), Italian painter Théo Hayez (born 2001), Belgian man missing since 2019
The Remington Model 14 is a pump-action repeating rifle designed for the Remington Arms company by John Pedersen.
It is part of a series of rifles that include the Remington Model 14-1/2 and the Remington Model 141.
Gracianella is a genus of fossil brachiopods.
It was described by Johnson and Boucot in 1967, and existed from the Silurian to the Devonian of Australia, Austria, Canada, China, the Czech Republic, Italy, Tajikistan, and the United States.
A new species, G. paulula, was described by Andrzej Baliński in 2012, from the early Devonian of Ukraine.
The 2023 Open Blot Rennes was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts.
It was the 17th edition of the tournament and part of the 2023 ATP Challenger Tour.
It took place in Rennes, France between 11 and 17 September 2023.
Op hoop van Zegen may refer to: The Good Hope (play) (Dutch: Op hoop van Zegen), a Dutch play by Herman Heijermans Op hoop van zegen (1918 film), a Dutch silent drama film, based on the play Op hoop van zegen (1924 film), a Dutch silent drama film, based on the play Op hoop van zegen (1934 film), a Dutch drama film, based on the play Op hoop van zegen (1986 film) a Dutch drama film, based on the play
Monika Sommer is a retired East German rower who won four medals at European championships between 1962 and 1967, including a gold medal in double sculls in 1966, together with Ursula Pankraths.
Muhedin Targaj (born 19 March 1955) is a retired Albanian football player and manager.
He now works at Albanian Football Association as a member of Executive Committee.
Ama Sarpong Bawuah is a Ghanaian finance and businesswoman.
She presently serves as the founder and Executive Chairperson of GG&B Partners Brokerage Limited, a firm specialising in insurance brokerage and offering business advisory services.
Additionally, she remains actively engaged in facilitating business intermediation and providing consultancy to prominent corporations and multinational entities, assisting them in navigating government policies and engaging in community development initiatives.
On 24 August 2022, she was appointed as the first female chairperson of the Board of Access Bank (Ghana) Plc.
Stanislas Rigault (born 16 May 1999 in Angers) is a French right-wing politician and activist.
He is the founder and leader of Génération Z, the youth wing of Reconquête, the political party of Éric Zemmour, in which he is a spokesperson until March 2025.
The National Institute of Meteorology (Portuguese: Instituto Nacional de Meteorologia, INMET) is the national meteorological organization of Brazil, responsible for weather forecasting, collecting climate data, and alerting the public of extreme weather.
It is part of the Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply.
Employing 99 people and with an annual budget of about 16 million USD, it is a member of the World Meteorological Organization.
Its director as of April 2021 is Miguel Ivan Lacerda de Oliveira.
INMET traces its origins to a 1909 decree by then president of Brazil Nilo Peçanha, establishing the Directorate of Meteorology and Astronomy (Directoria de Meteorologia e Astronomia).
Hutton Mount is a residential neighbourhood of Brentwood, in Essex, England.
It is in close proximity to Hutton and Shenfield.
The area is largely affluent, and many roads in the area are part of a private estate.
It is the location of Hutton & Shenfield Union Church, built in 1913–1914.
Katha is a registered non-profit and non-governmental organisation based in Delhi that works in the field of community development, child welfare, education and literature.
It was founded by Geeta Dharmarajan in 1988.
It connects grassroots work in education, urban resurgence and story.
It calls itself a "profit for all" organisation that moves towards achieving social justice and curb poverty in urban India.
It also runs KITES (Katha Information Technology and E-commerce School) a non-conventional school, which providing information and communication skills to 3000 children in slum area of Govindpuri, Delhi.
As a publisher Katha publishes books for children, which include stories from mostly Indian folklore and mythology, translating stories into English and Hindi from 21 regional Indian languages, and today is a leading name in translation genre in Indian publishing, and has "firmly put translation onto the Indian publishing agenda with the Katha Prize Stories Series"
Megatibicen resonans, commonly called resonant cicada or southern pine barrens cicada, is a species of annual cicada in the genus Megatibicen.
Prior to its reclassification to the genus Megatibicen, M. resonans was included in the genus Neotibicen.
Thomas Peter Lowe (born 23 April 1978), known professionally as Tom Lowe, is an English singer and actor.
Jacob Smith (Wahbesins "The Young Swan"; c. 1773 – 1825), was a fur trader in the Michigan Territory, the founder of Flint, Michigan, and an American spy best known for developing close relations with many Native American tribes in the Michigan Territory and brokering significant land treaties on behalf of the United States government.
Working as an intelligence gatherer and confidential agent for the United States in the War of 1812, Smith was captured at Fort Mackinac in an attempt to inform Lieutenant Porter Hanks of the impending war.
Smith served as a captain in the War of 1812 and was present during the surrender of Detroit under General William Hull.
Smith also served as an interpreter-liaison to Native Americans for the United States and helped negotiate the release of several Euro-American families taken prisoner by Native American tribes.
More Dead Than Alive is a 1969 American Western film directed by Robert Sparr and produced by Aubrey Schenck.
It was filmed at Agua Dulce, California.
Bindi Sue Irwin (/bɪn.di/; born 24 July 1998) is an Australian conservationist, zookeeper, actress, and television presenter.
The daughter of conservationists Steve and Terri Irwin, she is regarded as an influential figure in Australian popular culture.
Time magazine named her and her younger brother, Robert, one of the 100 most influential emerging leaders in the world on its inaugural list in 2019.
Born and raised on the Sunshine Coast, Irwin started working at her family's Australia Zoo when she was a child.
She made regular appearances in her parents' wildlife documentary programs The Crocodile Hunter (1996–2004) and The Crocodile Hunter Diaries (2002–2006).
Irwin had a brief career as a singer and released four studio albums; two of them appeared on the ARIA Charts.
She made her hosting debut with the Discovery Kids series Bindi the Jungle Girl (2007–2008), for which she won the Logie Award for Most Popular New Female Talent and became the youngest performer to win a Daytime Emmy Award, winning for Outstanding Performer in Children's Programming.
As an actress, Irwin starred in the American family film Free Willy: Escape from Pirate's Cove (2010) and the Australian fantasy film Return to Nim's Island (2013).
She won the twenty-first season of the ABC competition program Dancing with the Stars with professional dancer Derek Hough.
She then starred in the Animal Planet series Crikey!
It's the Irwins (2018–2022) alongside her family.
Irwin currently serves as the chief executive officer of Australia Zoo and is on the board of directors of its non-profit organisation, Wildlife Warriors.
She is married to retired wakeboarder Chandler Powell, with whom she has one daughter.
The Liberal Party of Corrientes (Spanish: Partido Liberal de Corrientes) is a liberal provincial political party in Corrientes Province, Argentina.
Founded in 1856, it is the oldest political party in Argentina still active.
The Party had its origins in the Federalist traditions of Corrientes and was founded on 15 December 1856 by Juan Eusebio Torrent.
From its beginning, the party supported Bartolomé Mitre at the national level.
José Pampín was elected Corrientes Governor in 1861, the first of 17 Liberal governors.
Torrent was Mitre's vice-presidential candidate in 1874.
The Party's leading past figures include Juan Balestra, a government minister under Carlos Pellegrini, Raimundo Meabe who governed Salta and Buenos Aires provinces, and Juan R.
Aguirre Lanari, a senator and government minister.
The Party was a member of the national Recrear electoral alliance then led by Ricardo López Murphy, having backed López Murphy for president in 2003.
Chilecomadia valdiviana is a moth of the family Cossidae.
It is found in Argentina and Chile (from Atacama to Aisén).
The wingspan is 48–60 mm.
The larvae feed on Nothofagus and Salix species and are considered a pest in Chilean eucalyptus plantations.
They have been reported on Eucalyptus globulus globulus, Eucalyptus nitens, Eucalyptus camaldulensis, Eucalyptus delegatensis and Eucalyptus viminalis.
A number of revolts against the Turkish Revolutionaries broke out during the Turkish War of Independence.
Mustafa Kemal, who was the leader of the nationalist government of Turkey during the war of independence was primarily concerned about subduing the internal revolts and establishing domestic security.
To achieve this, the parliament passed the Law of Treachery to the Homeland and established Mobile Gendarmerie Troops.
These revolts delayed the nationalist movement's struggle against the occupying foreign forces on several fronts.
These revolts, such as those by Ahmed Anzavur, were put down with some difficulty by nationalist forces.
Sose Mayrig (Armenian: Սօսէ Մայրիկ, 1868 – 1953), born Sose Vartanian, (Սօսէ Վարդանեան) was an Armenian female fedayee, the wife of the famous Aghbiur Serob.
She was surnamed "mayrig" (mother) by Serop's hajduks for her bravery and maternal concern for Armenian youth.
She participated in the many fedayee battles.
In 1898, after the battle of Babshen, Sose and Serop fled to Sassoun.
In 1899, along with her son, Serop and his brothers, she participated in the battle against Kurdish brigands: Serop, their sons and Serop's brothers were killed while Sose Mayrig was wounded.
After the Sasun uprising in 1904, she moved to Van and then to the Caucasus.
Another son of Sose Mayrig and Serop was killed during the massacre in Erzerum.
From 1920, Sose Mayrig lived in Constantinople, then in Alexandria (Egypt), where she died in 1953.
Her remains were later moved to the Yerablur military cemetery in Yerevan.
Uropterygius xanthopterus is a moray eel found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian oceans.
It is commonly known as the freckleface reef-eel, spottedface moray, or the white-speckled snake moray.
The Jubilee Bridge is a 254 m (833 ft) road bridge over the River Tay near Dunkeld in Scotland.
The bridge conveys the A9 road over the river.
A concrete box bridge also joins the Jubilee Bridge at its southern end as it carries the A9 over the Highland Main Line.
The area of the River Tay below the bridge is accessible for personal watercraft and walkers.
As part of the A9 dualling project, the bridge will be duplicated by 2032.
Notable people with the surname include: Angela Redish, Canadian economist Janice Redish, American writer Martin Redish, American legal scholar David Redish, American neuroscientist
Violin Sonata in G minor may refer to: Violin sonata in G minor (HWV 364a) (Handel) Violin sonata in G minor (HWV 368) (Handel) Violin Sonata in G minor (Tartini) No. 3 from the Violin Sonatas, Op. 137 (Schubert)
A-P-A Transport Corp. (also known as APA Transport) was a North Bergen, New Jersey–based trucking and shipping company.
At one point it was the nation's fourth largest interstate freight trucking company.
Mujeres (Spanish for "Women") may refer to: Isla Mujeres (municipality), in the state of Quintana Roo, northeast of Cancun, Mexico Isla Mujeres, an island in the Caribbean Sea, off the Yucatán Peninsula Isla Mujeres, town on the island, seat or capital of the municipality Mujeres (TV series), a Spanish dramedy television series
The Eluru Urban Development Authority (EUDA) is an urban planning agency in Eluru district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
It was constituted on 1 January 2019, under Andhra Pradesh Metropolitan Region and Urban Development Authority Act, 2016 with the headquarters located at Eluru.
Dragi Šestić (born 14 May 1966) is a Bosnian music producer, sound engineer, director of music video clips and record label owner.
In 1998 he founded the first Bosnian World Music band, Mostar Sevdah Reunion.
He rediscovered almost forgotten Gypsy music legends from ex-Yugoslavia Šaban Bajramović and Ljiljana Buttler-Petrović and brought them into the spotlight of the international World Music scene.
Eupolymnia nebulosa is a species of sedentary marine polychaete worm in the family Terebellidae.
It builds a tube of slime under stones or large shells on soft substrates on the lower shore and down to depths of about 500 metres.
The 1991 USA Indoor Track and Field Championships were held at the Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York.
Organized by The Athletics Congress (TAC), the competition took place on February 22 and served as the national championships in indoor track and field for the United States.
The competition was the qualifier for the U.S. team at the 1991 World Indoor Championships in Athletics.
At the meeting, Diane Dixon won her 10th national indoor title, equaling racewalker Henry Laskau for most wins at the indoor championships.
It was also the first time that the women's triple jump was contested.
A separate United States World Indoor Sprint Trials were held at Harvard University to decide the sprint and relay teams for the 1991 World Indoor Championships.
The No Budget, No Pay Act of 2013 (Pub.
L. 113–3 (text) (PDF);
H.R. 325) is a law passed during the 113th United States Congress.
The act temporarily suspended the US debt ceiling from February 4 to May 18, 2013.
It also placed temporary restrictions on Congressional salaries.
Alien Arena (initially CodeRED: Alien Arena) is an open-source, stand-alone first-person shooter video game.
Begun by COR Entertainment in 2004, the game combines a 1950s-era sci-fi atmosphere with gameplay similar to the Quake, Doom, and Unreal Tournament series.
Alien Arena focuses mainly on online multiplayer action, although it does contain single-player matches against bots.
Alien Arena has been released for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Linux, and FreeBSD.
While the game's content is proprietary freeware, prohibiting commercial re-sale, the CRX engine is open source.
In 2013 the assets license was loosened somewhat, which allowed the game package to be included in certain Linux distributions, such as Fedora, Debian and Ubuntu.
Since July 2023, Alien Arena is available on the Linux App Store Flathub.
Since August 2023, Alien Arena is also available for free on the indie games website itch.io.
Liga was the 26th season of the third-tier football league of Slovakia since its establishment in 1993.
The league is composed of 63 teams divided in four groups of 16 teams each; only 3. liga Východ (East) includes 15 teams.
Teams are divided into four divisions: 3. liga Bratislava, 3. liga Západ (West), 3. liga Stred (Central), 3. liga Východ (Eastern), according to geographical separation.
La Passione is a 1996 British drama film written and produced by Chris Rea, directed by John B.
Hobbs, and starring Sean Gallagher, Paul Shane and Shirley Bassey.
The film premiered on 14 November 1996 at the BFI London Film Festival.
The film features a cameo appearance by Rea, as well the same-titled soundtrack also composed by him.
The soundtrack reached the No. 43 position in UK Albums Chart, and was certified Silver by BPI in 1997.
The current Constitution was adopted on 29 July 1994 by the Moldovan Parliament and represents the supreme law of Moldova.
It came into force on 27 August 1994 and has since been amended 10 times.
The Constitution established the Republic of Moldova as a sovereign state, independent and neutral; a state of law governed by a set of principles including the separation and cooperation of powers, political pluralism, human rights and freedoms, observance of International Law and International Treaties.
It delineates the formation and function of the state's main institutions: Parliament, Cabinet, President and Judiciary.
Lučatín (Hungarian: Lucatő) is a village and municipality in Banská Bystrica District in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia.
The 2009 WPS Draft took place on January 16, 2009.
It was the first draft held by Women's Professional Soccer to assign the WPS rights of college players to the American-based teams, though other players not previously assigned could be drafted as well.
Pedro María Herrera Sancristóbal (born 17 July 1959) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Ormont-Dessous is a municipality of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland, located in the district of Aigle.
Stinking Creek is a stream in Campbell County, Tennessee, in the United States.
Stinking Creek, a sulphur spring, was named on account of its naturally occurring unpleasant odor.
Another theory for the creek's name dates to 1779–1780.
This was attributed to many animal deaths during an unusually cold winter and the resulting carrion stench the following spring.
Escadron de Transport 82 Maine is a French Air and Space Force squadron located at Faa'a International Airport, French Polynesia which operates the CASA/IPTN CN-235.
Greenbottle may refer to: Green bottle fly, applied to numerous species of Calliphoridae or blowfly GreenBottle, a company manufacturing cartons Greenbottle, a character in the Australian comedic radio series Yes, What?
The 2025–26 Buffalo Bulls men's basketball team represented the State University of New York at Buffalo during the 2025–26 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
The Bulls, led by third-year head coach George Halcovage III, played their home games at Alumni Arena located in Amherst, New York as members of the Mid-American Conference.
They finished the 2025–26 season 17–15, 7–11 in MAC play, to finish tied for 7th place.
They qualified for the MAC tournament as the 7th seed where they lost in the quarterfinals to Akron
Yongqing (Chinese: 永清; pinyin: Yǒngqīng; lit. 'forever clear') is a county in Hebei province, China.
It is under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Langfang.
It borders Guangyang District to the north, Anci District to the east, Bazhou to the south, and Gu'an County to the west.
The county covers an area of 774 km2 (299 sq mi) and has a population of 382,000.
Arhopala lurida is a species of butterfly belonging to the lycaenid family.
It is found in Southeast Asia (Peninsular Malaya, Singapore, Langkawi, Sumatra, Borneo, Mentawai).
Zanzibar Ocean View Football Club is a football (soccer) club from Zanzibar based in Unguja.
They were formed in 2010 as a breakaway side from Miembeni S.C.
Taha Özcelik (born 5 September 2000) is a Finnish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Tampere United in Ykkönen.
Daniel Judah Elazar (August 25, 1934 – December 2, 1999) was a political scientist known for his seminal studies of political culture of the US states.
He was professor of political science at Bar-Ilan University in Israel and Temple University in Pennsylvania, and director of the Center for the Study of Federalism at Temple University and the founder and president of the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs.
Jalyn Zacchae'us McCreary (born September 19, 2000) is an American professional basketball player for U-BT Cluj-Napoca.
A 6-foot-7 forward, he played college basketball for the South Carolina Gamecocks, South Florida Bulls, and Mercer Bears before beginning his professional career in Europe.
He has primarily played power forward, while also being used at small forward and center.
McCreary earned All-Southern Conference honors in both of his seasons at Mercer.
After beginning his professional career with Rapla in Estonia, he joined Široki in Bosnia and Herzegovina and helped the club win the 2025–26 ABA League 2 championship.
He signed with U-BT Cluj-Napoca in 2026.
Tinoliodes dehanna is a moth in the family Erebidae.
It was described by Arnold Pagenstecher in 1885.
It is found in Sundaland in Southeastern Asia.
The habitat consists of rain forests from the lowlands up to 1.500 meters.
Denis Nikolayevich Shcherbitsky (Belarusian: Дзяніс Мікалаевіч Шчарбіцкі;
Russian: Денис Николаевич Щербицкий; born 14 April 1996) is a Belarusian professional footballer.
The 2012–13 United Counties League season (known as the 2012–13 ChromaSport & Trophies United Counties League for sponsorship reasons) was the 106th in the history of the United Counties League, a football competition in England.
The 1969–70 Greek Football Cup was the 28th edition of the Greek Football Cup.
The competition culminated with the Greek Cup Final, held at Lysandros Kaftanzoglou Stadium, on 28 June 1970.
The match was contested by Aris and PAOK, with Aris winning by 1–0.
Mohammed Al-Baqawi (Arabic: محمد البقعاوي; born 12 July 1995) is a Saudi Arabian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Al-Fayha.
Karel Skalička (Spanish: Carlos Skalicka) (1 November 1896, in Prague – 30 December 1979, in Buenos Aires) was a Czech-Argentine chess master.
In 1924, he won a team gold medal for Czechoslovakia (Hromádka, Schulz, Vaněk, Skalička) in the 1st unofficial Chess Olympiad in Paris.
He took 3rd in group eliminations (Anatol Tschepurnoff won), and tied for 21-31st in the major tournament (Karel Hromádka won).
The final tournament (Amateur World Championship) was won by Hermanis Matisons.
In 1923, Skalička won in Prague.
In 1923, he took 6th in Berlin.
In 1924, he tied for 1st-2nd with Hromádka in Prague.
In 1924, he tied for 4-5th in Prague (1st Kautsky memorial;
In 1925, he took 2nd, behind Matisons in Bromley.
In 1925, he tied for 2nd-3rd in Prague (2nd Kautsky memorial).
In 1926, he tied for 1st-3rd in Prague (3rd Kautsky memorial).
In 1927, he tied for 2nd-4th in Prague (Hromádka won).
In 1929, he tied for 6-8th in Prague (Salo Flohr won).
In 1930, he took 6th in Prague (Flohr won).
In 1930, he took 2nd, behind Flohr, in Prague.
In 1931/32, he tied for 3rd-5th in Prague (8th Kautsky memorial;
In 1932, he took 2nd in Prague (9th Kautsky memorial;
In 1934, he took 10th in Prague (11th Kautsky memorial;
Karel Opočensky won).
In 1935, he took 3rd in Prague (12th Kautsky memorial;
In 1936, he took 16th in Poděbrady.
The event was won by Flohr.
Karel Skalička played for Czechoslovakia (Bohemia&Moravia in 1939) in three Chess Olympiads.
In 1931, at first reserve board in the 4th Chess Olympiad in Prague (+9 –2 =3);
In 1933, at first reserve board in the 5th Chess Olympiad in Folkestone (+3 –2 =0);
In 1939, at fourth board in the 8th Chess Olympiad in Buenos Aires (+3 –4 =1).
He won an individual gold medal and a team bronze medal at Prague 1931, and a team silver medal at Folkestone 1933.
Following the outbreak of the World War II Skalička, along with many other participants of the 8th Olympiad, elected to stay in Argentina.
In 1945, Skalička tied for 2nd-5th with René Letelier, Enrique Reinhardt and Moshe Czerniak in Quilmes (Gideon Ståhlberg won).
In 1945/46, he tied for 1st-2nd with Letelier, followed by Movsas Feigins, Jiří Pelikán, etc., in Buenos Aires (Círculo La Régence).
Kota Ngah Ibrahim or Ngah Ibrahim's Fort is a fort of historical value in Taiping, Larut, Matang and Selama District, Perak, Malaysia.
The fort is located at Jalan Taiping-Kuala Sepetang road near Matang town.
The complex is now known as Matang Museum.
Echinocereus berlandieri (Berlandier's hedgehog cactus) is a species of hedgehog cactus.
Its range includes most of South Texas, and is commonly found along the Nueces River and the lower Rio Grande.
This article summarizes the events, album releases, and album release dates in hip-hop for the year 2012.
Piñeragate, also known as Kiotazo, was a political scandal in Chile that unfolded on August 23, 1992, when a secretly recorded telephone conversation was broadcast live on A eso de..., a political program aired by the private television channel Megavisión.
In the recording, Sebastián Piñera—then a senator and a prospective candidate in the 1993 presidential election—was heard coaching an associate on tactics to discredit his rival for the nomination, deputy Evelyn Matthei, during a planned televised debate.
Both Piñera and Matthei were prominent young members of the right-wing National Renewal (RN) party, part of a group of rising politicians nicknamed the "patrulla juvenil" (youth patrol), and both were vying for the presidential nomination of the Union for Progress coalition.
The recording was played on-air by businessman Ricardo Claro, the president of Megavisión, using a Kioto-brand cassette player—a detail that gave the episode its popular nickname, Kiotazo.
The scandal forced both candidates out of the nomination race.
On November 7, 1992, Matthei publicly acknowledged that she had been behind the leak of the tape, withdrew her candidacy, and resigned from National Renewal the following year.
Subsequent reporting established that the tape had been recorded by an Army intelligence officer and passed to Matthei before she gave it to Claro.
National Renewal ultimately passed over both candidates and nominated an outside figure, Manuel Feliú, for the 1993 election.
Despite the controversy, Piñera went on to serve two non-consecutive terms as President of Chile (2010–2014 and 2018–2022); he died in a helicopter crash in February 2024.
Matthei remained active in Chilean politics for decades afterward, serving in the National Congress and as Minister of Labor under Piñera, later as mayor of Providencia, and running unsuccessfully for the presidency in 2013 and 2025.
Olivia Grégoire (French pronunciation: [ɔlivja ɡʁeɡwaʁ]; born 30 September 1978) is a French politician of Renaissance (RE) who has been serving as Minister for Small and Medium Enterprises, Trade, Crafts and Tourism under President Emmanuel Macron since 2022.
Grégoire previously served as Government Spokesperson in the government of Prime Minister Élisabeth Borne (2022) and as Secretary of State for Social Economy in the government of Prime Minister Jean Castex (2020–2022).
Grégoire has served member of the National Assembly for the 12th constituency of Paris from 2017 and 2020, in 2022, and since 2024.
Anything Goes is the debut studio album by American country music singer Randy Houser.
It was released on November 18, 2008, via Universal South Records.
The album's lead-off single, its title track, reached number 16 on the US Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.
The second single, "Boots On", peaked at number 2.
Houser co-wrote all but three of the songs on the album. "Back to God" was later recorded by Reba McEntire for her 2017 album Sing It Now: Songs of Faith & Hope, from which it was released as the second single.
Veni Shankar Jha was an Indian educationist.
He served as the director of public instruction of the Central Provinces and Berar and was the vice chancellor of Banaras Hindu University from 3 July 1956 to 6 April 1960.
The Government of India awarded him Padma Bhushan, the third highest Indian civilian award, in 1971.
II II V is the sixth studio album by the American Christian pop musician Britt Nicole.
It was released independently on November 20, 2025 and is Nicole's first album in nearly ten years.
It was produced by Nicole herself alongside Chris Stevens and Jeff Schneeweis.
The album's title (Roman numerals for 2, 2 and 5) is a reference to Joel 2:25, a verse she cites as inspiration behind both her personal life and the album's themes of restoration.
II II V was supported with the release of three singles, including "Midnight Hour" on November 22, 2024, "Keep Going" on January 24, 2025, and "NLMLY" on February 28, 2025, as well as one promotional single, "Faith", on May 16, 2025. "NLMLY" enjoyed commercial success in Australia, where it spent several weeks atop the TCM Australian Christian Airplay in 2026.
Shadow World is a shoot 'em up for Atari 8-bit computers written by Mike Potter and published by Synapse Software in 1983.
Players are defending their planet from an alien invasion.
The game supports two players at once, splitting the screen vertically into two halves, and merging them on the fly when both players are in the same location.
Suicide by My Side is the third and final studio album by Finnish/Swedish power metal band Sinergy, released in 2002.
It shows a substantial progress in their musical style; singer Kimberly Goss performs in a sharper, more aggressive vocal style, and guitarists Alexi Laiho and Roope Latvala perform more technical solos.
Goss has noted that despite the autobiographical nature of the title and the title track's lyrics, as well as suicidal comments made in the music video, she herself has never attempted suicide.
The clip at the beginning of the title track is from the stabbing scene of the film Sid and Nancy, which tells the tragic love story of Sex Pistols bassist Sid Vicious and his toxic lover.
The song "Shadow Island" is inspired by Alone in the Dark: The New Nightmare.
The last song, "Remembrance", is an instrumental dedicated to the people who died during the terrorist attacks on 11 September 2001.
Bacterial blight of soybean is a widespread disease of soybeans caused by Pseudomonas syringae pv. glycinea.
"Hurt So Bad" is a song written by Teddy Randazzo, Bobby Weinstein, and Bobby Hart.
It is a 1965 Top 10 hit ballad originally recorded by Little Anthony & The Imperials.
Linda Ronstadt also had a Top 10 hit with her cover version in 1980.
The song has been re-recorded by numerous artists including The Lettermen, who took the song to number twelve in September 1969.
Mohammad Farhad Badal (5 July 1938 – 9 October 1987), popularly known as Comrade Farhad, was a Bangladeshi guerrilla force commander during the Bangladesh Liberation War, President of the Communist Party of Bangladesh and a member of Bangladesh Parliament.
Ahmed Nihan Hussain Manik (Dhivehi: އަހުމަދު ނިޙާން ހުސައިން މަނިކް) is a Maldivian politician and the former parliament member for the Villimaafannu constituency (2009–2014), Vilimalé constituency (2014–2019).
He was the majority Leader of the 18th People's Majlis sitting and the deputy leader of the Progressive Party of Maldives.
He is currently a member of the Jumhooree Party.
Karlsruhe University of Education (Pädagogische Hochschule Karlsruhe) is an institution of higher education in Karlsruhe, Germany.
Its focus is on educational processes in social, institutional and cultural contexts.
It has approximately 3,742 students, 180 researchers and lecturers and about 90 administrative staff members.
Non Non Biyori (のんのんびより) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Atto.
The series was serialized in Media Factory's Monthly Comic Alive magazine from September 2009 to February 2021 and is licensed in North America by Seven Seas Entertainment.
The story is based on the same setting as Atto's former work, Toko-toko & Yume no Yume.
A 12-episode anime television series adaptation produced by Silver Link aired in Japan between October and December 2013 and has been licensed by Sentai Filmworks.
A second anime season aired between July and September 2015.
An anime film premiered in August 2018, and a third anime season aired between January and March 2021.
The Currituck Beach Light () is a lighthouse located on the Outer Banks in Corolla, North Carolina.
The Currituck Beach Light was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 15, 1973.
Nevenka Topalušić (née Vrčak; 21 November 1954 – 22 October 2014) was a Croatian nurse and war veteran.
Born in Gradec, where she attended elementary school, Topalušić was educated at the medical school in Zadar and graduated in palliative care at the School of Medicine in Zagreb.
At the dawn of the Croatian War for Independence, she worked as a nurse in a health centre in Vrbovec, where she was also a member of the ambulance service.
Before the outbreak of the war, she gave birth to two sons (Dubravko, Željko) and a daughter Ana.
During the war she fought in the 51st battalion from Vrbovec.
Together with her husband Branko and son Dubravko, she engaged in providing accommodation and medical treatment to the wounded soldiers and civilians, as well as enemy soldiers and member of the UNPROFOR forces.
Topalušić participated in Operation Storm.
She was heavily wounded during the Operation Una, due to which she spent the rest of her life in a wheelchair.
Although having 28 pieces of shrapnel and four bullets in her body, after the war she gave birth to her fourth child.
She was awarded the Order of the Croatian Cross, Homeland's Gratitude Medal and Operation Oluja Medal.
She died during the 2014–2016 Croatian war veterans protest in October 2014.
The square where she participated in protests (in front of the Ministry of Croatian Veterans) was named after her.
Antaeotricha tripustulella is a moth in the family Depressariidae.
It was described by Francis Walker in 1864.
It is found in Amazonas, Brazil.
Adults are white, the forewings are pale brownish towards the exterior border, with the exception of the minutely denticulated whitish submarginal and marginal lines.
There are three elongated blackish patches, the first and second on the costa and the third on the interior border, between the first and the second.
The hindwings are brownish.
This is a list of mountains of the Swiss canton of Uri.
Uri is a very mountainous canton and lies entirely within the Alps.
It is also one of the five cantons having summits above 3,600 metres.
Topographically, the most important summit of the canton is that of the Dammastock (most elevated, most prominent and most isolated).
This list only includes significant summits with a topographic prominence of at least 150 metres (492 ft).
There are over 90 such summits in Uri and they are found in almost all its municipalities.
All mountain heights and prominences on the list are from the largest-scale maps available.
Arden University is a publicly-funded,for-profit teaching university in the United Kingdom.
It offers a variety of undergraduate and postgraduate programmes with both blended and online distance learning delivery options.
Its head office is in Coventry with campus locations in Birmingham, Manchester, Leeds, London, Newcastle, Nottingham and Berlin.
Originally established as Resource Development International (RDI) in 1990, it was later bought by Capella Education and awarded university status by the British government in 2015.
Since August 2016, it has been owned by Global University Systems.
It is named after the Arden area of England, where its Coventry headquarters are situated.
Vincent Wheeler Bladen, (14 August 1900 – 26 November 1981) was a British-Canadian economist and professor at the University of Toronto.
Upon completing his degree at Balliol College, Oxford, Bladen began teaching at the University of Toronto in September 1921, where he later served as dean of the Faculty of Arts and Science from 1959 to 1966.
In 1960, he was appointed Chairman of the Royal Commission on the Automotive Industry which helped to create the Canadian-American Automotive Agreement.
Bladen retired from teaching in 1969, but continued to give lectures.
Bladen was the founding editor of the Canadian Journal of Economics and Political Science.
Several editions of Bladen's An Introduction to Political Economy were published during his lifetime.
In 1962, he edited Canadian Population and Northern Colonization.
In 1974, Bladen's book From Adam Smith to Maynard Keynes : the heritage of political economy was published.
His memoirs, Bladen on Bladen, were published in 1978.
In 1976, Bladen was made an Officer of the Order of Canada, Canada's highest civilian honor.
He was awarded an honorary Doctor of Laws from Carleton University in 1966 and York University in 1975.
The Bladen Wing at the University of Toronto Scarborough is named in his honour.
Sericuloides is an extinct genus of ptilonorhynchid that lived during the Chattian stage of the Oligocene epoch.
The Taste of New Wine is the first book published by Christian writer Keith Miller in 1965 with a foreword by Elton Trueblood.
Largely autobiographical, it portrays his struggle to find a meaningful faith, and evolves from it principles for revitalizing the Christian church.
Greg Ogden considers the book to be a foundational document in the revival of the small group movement within the church.
First published in 1965, it is still in print in both paperback and hard cover.
Miller followed The Taste of New Wine with a sequel, A Second Touch, followed by Habitation of Dragons, and subsequently authored or co-authored more than twenty other books, and became a noted speaker.
Keith Miller was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma on April 19, 1927.
He died from pancreatic cancer on January 22, 2012 in Austin, Texas at the age of 84.
Cilix algirica is a moth in the family Drepanidae described by Patrice J.A.
It is found in Morocco, Algeria and possibly Portugal.
Wesołowo [vɛsɔˈwɔvɔ] (German: Groß Wessolowen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.
Aileen Shields Bryan (April 4, 1925 – November 29, 2005) was an American sailor who won the 1948 United States' women's national sailing championship.
Darreh Darreh-ye Olya (Persian: دره دره عليا, also romanized as Darreh Darreh-ye 'Olyā; also known as Darreh Darreh) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 81, in 15 families.
UDP-4-amino-4-deoxy-L-arabinose aminotransferase (EC 2.6.1.87, UDP-(beta-L-threo-pentapyranosyl-4-ulose diphosphate) aminotransferase, UDP-4-amino-4-deoxy-L-arabinose---oxoglutarate aminotransferase, UDP-Ara4O aminotransferase, UDP-L-Ara4N transaminase) is an enzyme with systematic name UDP-4-amino-4-deoxy-beta-L-arabinose:2-oxoglutarate aminotransferase.
This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction UDP-4-amino-4-deoxy-beta-L-arabinopyranose + 2-oxoglutarate ⇌ {\displaystyle \rightleftharpoons } UDP-beta-L-threo-pentapyranos-4-ulose + L-glutamate This protein is a pyridoxal 5'-phosphate enzyme.
The Spanish Village Art Center is an art center in Balboa Park in San Diego, California.
Anni von Westrum Baldaugh was among the artists who had studio space at the Spanish Village.
Current tenants include the San Diego Mineral and Gem Society and the Southern California Association of Camera Clubs.
The 2008 Men's World Open Squash Championship is the men's edition of the World Open, which serves as the individual world championship for squash players.
The event took place in the Manchester in England from 11 to 19 October 2008.
Ramy Ashour won his first World Open title, defeating Karim Darwish in the final.
Friar Nicolás Borrás (1530–1610) was a Spanish Renaissance Catholic monk and painter, active in Valencia.
vivo T1 (China, Malaysia, India 44W), vivo T1x (5G and 4G), vivo T1 5G (India) and vivo T1 Pro (India, rebranded Malaysian vivo T1) are the 5G Android-based smartphones manufactured by Vivo Communication Technology Co.
The duo of vivo T1 and vivo T1x released on November 1, 2021, in China, while the India version of vivo T1 5G, released on February 9, 2022, with the lower-end chipset.
The duo of vivo T1 and T1x are very similar to the iQOO Z5 series.
The vivo T1 has the 120 Hz HDR10 IPS LCD punch-hole center screen, 64MP + 8MP + 2MP triple camera setup, 16MP selfie camera, a 5000 mAh battery, 44W charging and runs with high-end Snapdragon 778G chipset.
On the other hand, vivo T1x has the same display but with dew drop screen and no HDR10, 64MP + 2MP dual camera setup, 8MP selfie camera, with the same battery and 44W charging with the lower-end Dimensity 900 chipset just like as iQOO Z5x.
The India vivo T1 5G has the different design compared to those other two, with 50MP + 2MP + 2MP different triple camera setup, 16MP selfie camera, with the same battery but with lower fast 18W charger and runs with the lower-end Snapdragon 695 chipset.
The vivo Y55 5G and vivo Y75 5G (not to be confused with vivo Y75 (2017), the China version of vivo V7.) released in January 2022, and re-released as vivo T1 in India.
This phone was later rebranded as iQOO Z6 in March 2021.
The Malaysia versions of vivo T1 (66W) and vivo T1x 4G has launched on April 26, 2022.
The Malaysian Vivo T1 has the same design as vivo S15e, but the main camera is 64-megapixels instead of 50-megapixels in vivo S15e.
However, it uses the same chipset as vivo T1 launched in China, it doesn't have 256GB storage and 12GB memory options, and has the fingerprint sensor mounted on the side, but it keeps the 66W charging along with 4700 mAh battery and a 8GB memory option.
On the other hand, the vivo T1x 4G is different from 5G version launched in China, it shares nearly all of the same specifications as the vivo Y33s/Y33t, but has the 8-megapixels selfie camera (down from 16MP in Y33s 4G).
It also doesn't have NFC and the USB Type-C cable is downgraded to 1.0, also removed the gyro.
But it has the HDR support and supports up to 90 Hz, and uses the Snapdragon 680 4G chipset just like in iQOO U5x launched in China.
Later the vivo T1 (66W) was rebranded as Indian vivo T1 Pro on May 4, 2022.
The India 4G version of vivo T1 is announced on May 4, 2022 - with vivo T1 Pro 5G.
It shares all same specifications with iQOO Z6 44W launched on May 2, 2022.
It has 44W charging + 5000mAh lithium polymer battery, with 128 GB storage and 4, 6 or 8 GB memory options.
It runs on lower end Snapdragon 680 (4G) compared to vivo T1 5G (Snapdragon 695 5G).
It has an AMOLED screen, instead of an IPS LCD screen in Chinese and Indian vivo T1.
However, it runs on lower 60 Hz refresh rate (down from 120 Hz in Chinese, Indian and Malaysian vivo T1).
It has an under-display fingerprint sensor, gyro-EIS sensor, runs on Android 12 (powered by FuntouchOS 12) and has a 50-megapixels main camera, with two 2-megapixels secondary macro and depth sensors.
It is available on Midnight Galaxy, Starry Sky and Ice Dawn.
Jerold (Gerry) Joseph Wilson (April 10, 1937 — March 22, 2011) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and physician.
Wilson played three games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Montreal Canadiens during the 1956–57 season.
His son, Carey Wilson, also played in the NHL, and his grandson Colin was most recently a member of the Colorado Avalanche of the NHL.
Credited with recruiting Swedish hockey stars Anders Hedberg and Ulf Nilsson to the Winnipeg Jets of the World Hockey Association, Wilson is said to be the man most responsible for pioneering the arrival of European hockey players to North America.
He later worked as the team doctor for the Jets and the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.
He died on March 22, 2011, in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Lethata satyropa is a moth of the family Depressariidae.
It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is about 25 mm.
The forewings are deep ochreous, with scattered black scales and with the costal edge dull crimson from the base to two-thirds, suffused beneath with purple and with a slender brown-red streak along the dorsum nearly throughout.
There is a cloudy purplish line at two-fifths from the disc to the dorsum and a rather large round dark fuscous spot in the disc beyond the middle, containing a transverse purplish spot.
A faint fine curved fuscous subterminal line is found from the disc to the dorsum and the apical and terminal margin are deep yellow ochreous.
The hindwings are whitish ochreous, the dorsal third suffused with pale greyish, the apical and terminal edge yellow.
Wiśniewo [viɕˈɲɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.
Nikola Gulan (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Гулан; born 23 March 1989) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder.
He was part of the European selection that won the 2007 Meridian Cup in Barcelona.
Europe triumphed over Africa, winning 10–1 on aggregate.
They won the first leg 6–1 and the second leg 4–0.
Gulan competed for Serbia at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Orange Co., Ltd. (Japanese: 有限会社オレンジ, Hepburn: Yūgen-gaisha Orenji) is a Japanese animation studio based in Musashino, Tokyo that specializes in the production of computer animated films and tv shows.
The studio is known for its exaggerated 3D and directing style, which differs from the traditional movement often found in CG works.
On December 19, 2024, it was announced that Toho would acquire a 19.7% stake in the studio which was completed on January 17, 2025.
The Indian locomotive class WCAM-2 is a class of dual-power AC/DC series electric locomotives that was developed in 1995 by Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited used in the Indian Railways system.
They are the second locomotive from the WCAM class.
The model name stands for broad gauge (W), DC Current (C), AC Current (A), Mixed traffic (M) locomotive, 2nd generation (2).
They entered service in 1995.
A total of 20 WCAM-2 were built at BHEL between 1995 and 1996, which made them the most numerous class of mainline dual-power AC/DC electric locomotive.
They use the same motors as WCAM 1 but with different circuitry and gearing.
They are operational in routes around Mumbai.
MU operation was possible with 3 units.
WCAM-2P was the passenger-oriented version of the WCAM-2 class.
However, they perform better than the WCAM 1 locomotives due to higher power output of the WCAM-2 in both DC and AC configuration.
The operation of a photon scanning tunneling microscope (PSTM) is analogous to the operation of an electron scanning tunneling microscope, with the primary distinction being that PSTM involves tunneling of photons instead of electrons from the sample surface to the probe tip.
A beam of light is focused on a prism at an angle greater than the critical angle of the refractive medium in order to induce total internal reflection within the prism.
Although the beam of light is not propagated through the surface of the refractive prism under total internal reflection, an evanescent field of light is still present at the surface.
The evanescent field is a standing wave which propagates along the surface of the medium and decays exponentially with increasing distance from the surface.
The surface wave is modified by the topography of the sample, which is placed on the surface of the prism.
By placing a sharpened, optically conducting probe tip very close to the surface (at a distance <λ), photons are able to propagate through the space between the surface and the probe (a space which they would otherwise be unable to occupy) through tunneling, allowing detection of variations in the evanescent field and thus, variations in surface topography of the sample.
In this manner, PSTM is able to map the surface topography of a sample in much the same way as in electron scanning tunneling microscope.
One major advantage of PSTM is that an electrically conductive surface is no longer necessary.
This makes imaging of biological samples much simpler and eliminates the need to coat samples in gold or another conductive metal.
Furthermore, PSTM can be used to measure the optical properties of a sample and can be coupled with techniques such as photoluminescence, absorption, and Raman spectroscopy.
Jaime Alfonso Ruiz (born 3 January 1984) is a Colombian former professional footballer who played as a forward.
Ng Tze Yong (Chinese: 黃智勇; pinyin: Huáng Zhìyǒng; born 16 May 2000) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Ng won a bronze medal at the 2021 Sudirman Cup.
He also helped Malaysian team to win gold at the 2022 Badminton Asia Team Championships and 2022 Commonwealth Games.
Boston Harborwalk is a public walkway that follows the edge of piers, wharves, beaches, and shoreline around Boston Harbor.
When fully completed it will extend a distance of 47 miles (76 km) from East Boston to the Neponset River.
Ching chang chong is a pejorative term mocking the Chinese language.
Ching Chang Chong may also refer to: "Ching Chang Chong", a 2009 song by the band Cherona from their album Sound of Cherona "Ching Chang Chong", a 2009 song by the parodist Rucka Rucka Ali and his alias DJ Not Nice
USS Woodpecker (AMS/MSC-209) was a Bluebird-class minesweeper of the United States Navy, that saw service during the Vietnam War, and was later sold to the Republic of Fiji where she served as HMFS Kikau (MSC-204).
Eric Wennerberg (21 January 1917 in Landskrona – 15 May 2001) was a Swedish bobsledder who competed from the early 1950s to the late 1960s.
He won a bronze medal in the four-man event at the 1961 FIBT World Championships in Lake Placid, New York.
He represented Djurgårdens IF.
Wennerberg died 15 May 2001 in Segeltorp.
Realms of the Haunting is a first-person adventure shooter game developed by Gremlin Interactive and published by Interplay Productions.
It was released in 1996 for MS-DOS compatible operating systems.
The 3D engine used in this game was borrowed from Gremlin's own Normality (also 1996).
Elson Viney-Bartel Brechtefeld (born 2 March 1994) is a Nauruan weightlifter who won a bronze medal in the 69 kg category at the 2013 Pacific Mini Games.
He moved down to the 62 kg division in the following year, placing 13th at the 2014 Commonwealth Games, and later competed in the 56 kg category, qualifying for the 2016 Summer Olympics.
At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, he finished in 15th place in the 56 kg category.
He was the flagbearer for Nauru during the Parade of Nations.
The Alblasserwaard (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɑlblɑsərˌʋaːrt]) is a polder in the province of South Holland, Netherlands.
It is mainly known for the windmills of Kinderdijk, located near the village of Kinderdijk in the polder's northwestern part.
Lund is a borough and district in the city of Kristiansand which lies in Kristiansand Municipality in Agder county, Norway.
It is the second largest borough in the city after Vågsbygd.
In 2015, the population was about 30,000.
Lund is divided into 4 districts: Lund (centrum), Gimlekollen, Justvik, and Ålefjær.
Lund lies to the north and west of Topdalsfjorden-Ålefjærfjorden and to the East of the river Otra.
The borough of Oddernes lies to the east and the boroughs of Kvadraturen and Grim lie to the west.
North of the borough is Vennesla Municipality.
The University of Agder is located at Lund along with Kristiansand Cathedral School.
The Church of Norway has three churches in Lund: Lund Church, Justvik Church, and Oddernes Church.
Oddernes Church was one of the first churches to be built in Kristiansand.
There are three bridges connecting Lund to the city center Kvadraturen: "Lundsbroa", "Oddernesbrua" and "Christian Quartbroa".
Before Oddernesbrua was built, the Lundsbroa was the main way to the east.
Today, the Oddernesbrua is a part of the European route E18 highway, and the bridge ends in a tunnel.
The Lundsbroa is a part of Fylkesvei 471, which eventually joins up with the E18.
The recently opened Christian Quartbroa footbridge is located between the other two bridge connections.
Public transportation is available by bus, all local buses headed eastbound have more than one stop at Lund.
There are also buses that go "deeper" into Lund.
Line 13 Grimsmyra-Lund goes to Kuholmen in Lund, a place south of Lund, while Line 19 Suldalen-Lund UiA, follows Riksvei 471 to the University.
INDEP - Indústrias Nacionais de Defesa, EP (Defense National Industries, Public Corporation) was a defense industry company owned by the Portuguese Government and created to replace the Fábrica Nacional de Munições de Armas Ligeiras (National Light Armament Ammunition Factory, FNMAL) and the Fábrica Militar do Braço de Prata (FMBP) under the control of the National Defense Ministry.
However, these two companies never completely closed.
They merged and continued to exist under the management of INDEP with the new names Fábrica Nacional de Munições (FNM) and Fábrica de Braço de Prata (FBP), respectively.
The National Defense Ministry also never took complete control of INDEP and required authorization of the Finance Ministry.
On its creation, many of the products FNM and FBP made were branded and marketed under INDEP.
In December 1996, a new reorganization of the Portuguese government-owned defense industries started and a new holding company, EMPORDEF, was created in March 1997.
The reduction of the national military manufacturing industry lead to the closing of all factories.
INDEP was deactivated in December 2003 and closed for good in 2007.
Instant Party! is an album by the Everly Brothers, originally released in 1962.
It was recorded in Nashville between August and November 1961, shortly after Both Sides of an Evening and it too failed to chart.
There is an exclamation point on the cover art but not in the title as shown on the original label.
La mère éducatrice (French: Motherhood and Education) was a feminist anarchist magazine founded by Madeleine Vernet.
It was first published in October 1917.
Its headquarters was in Levallois-Perret.
Madeleine Vernet also edited the magazine.
The magazine adopted a pacifist, socialist and educative stance.
In line with this approach, it argued that the major way to end war is education.
It existed until 1939.
Estadio José Manuel Moreno is a multi-purpose stadium in Merlo Partido, Argentina.
It is currently used primarily for football matches and hosts the home matches of Primera B Nacional Argentina club, Club Social y Deportivo Merlo.
The capacity of the stadium is 5,000 spectators.
It is named after former Argentine football player, José Manuel Moreno.
Keep the Last Bullet for Yourself is a compilation album by the American grunge band Paw.
It was released in 1998 through the band's own record label, Outlaw Records.
The record is a collection of covers and B-sides that the band had recorded over the years.
The album was sold for a brief period online and at the band's live performances, but it is now out of print.
The Cheap Trick cover "Surrender," released as a single in 1994, was also included in the compilation.
Alexander "Sasha" Borovik (Ukrainian: Олександр Боровик (Саша Боровик); born 7 April 1968) is an American lawyer from New York State who holds German citizenship.
From 2015 to 2016, he served as First Deputy Minister of Economic Development and Trade of Ukraine.
He also served as a deputy governor and advisor to the Governor of Odesa Oblast, Mikheil Saakashvili.
Biggar-Sask Valley was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan, Canada.
It was created from parts of former Biggar, Martensville, Cut Knife-Turtleford, Batoche and Rosthern-Shellbrook ridings.
It was first contested in the 2016 election.
The riding was dissolved into Kindersley-Biggar, Rosthern-Shellbrook, Rosetown-Delisle, Martensville-Blairmore and Warman prior to the next general election.
Live, Virtual, & Constructive (LVC) Simulation is a broadly used taxonomy for classifying Modeling and Simulation (M&S).
However, categorizing a simulation as a live, virtual, or constructive environment is problematic since there is no clear division among these categories.
The degree of human participation in a simulation is infinitely variable, as is the degree of equipment realism.
The categorization of simulations also lacks a category for simulated people working real equipment.
The 2016 Phillips 66 Big 12 men's basketball tournament was a postseason men's basketball tournament for the Big 12 Conference.
It was played from March 9 to 12, in Kansas City, Missouri at the Sprint Center.
Kansas won the tournament for the 10th time and received the conference's automatic bid to the 2016 NCAA tournament.
The National Bank is a Norwegian rock/pop band, whose debut album was released in Norway in 2004 and featured the hit song "Tolerate".
They came together in 2003, initially only to perform a one-time show commissioned by Vestfoldspillene music festival, one of the Norway's music festivals, and later as a band proper.
Formed around the talents of brothers Lars and Martin Horntveth, who also happen to be the main driving force behind the highly successful and unique Norwegian electronica/jazz/post-rock combo Jaga Jazzist, the band features musicians already well known in their native country, from such bands as Jaga Jazzist and BigBang, and singer-songwriter Thomas Dybdahl on vocals, the band is often referred to as a "supergroup" in Norway.
Although closely connected to the band Jaga Jazzist, their music is completely different.
The National Bank explore musical landscapes in more pop/rock oriented manners, with a focus on vocal-oriented orchestrated pop music suitable for the big stage.
Their first single, "Tolerate" (2004), later released on the album The National Bank (2004), became an instant hit in Norway, and upon release was proclaimed by many Norwegian music critics to be the best Norwegian song of the year.
Despite the grand success, all members continued their separate careers, yet there was talk of some work on writing and recording new material, and by 2007 all five members finally found the time to get together in the studio.
The first new single, "Let Go" (2007), played on radio with an announcement that the second album, Come On Over To The Other Side, would be seen in the spring 2008 release.
They did perform a number of successful shows around in Norway, but all the band members subsequently returned to their primary outfits.
To support another massive success, The National Bank toured Norway, Germany, Denmark, Belgium, and the Netherlands for the rest of the winter 2008/09.
The Concord Village Historic District in Concord, Michigan dates back to 1836, and consists of historic structures located along Hanover Street from Spring to Michigan Streets and North Main Street from Railroad to Monroe Streets.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
The Pauk class is the NATO reporting name for a class of small patrol corvettes built for the Soviet Navy and export customers between 1977 and 1989.
The Russian designation is Project 1241.2 Molniya-2.
These ships are designed for coastal patrol and inshore anti-submarine warfare.
The design is the patrol version of the Tarantul class which is designated Project 1241.1, but is slightly longer and has diesel engines.
The ships are fitted with a dipping sonar which is also used in Soviet helicopters.
The class saw moderate export success, with four ships sold to India as the Abhay class, two ships sold to Bulgaria, and one ship to Cuba.
A further five ships were transferred to Ukraine after the fall of the USSR.
There were plans for India to build more ships locally under license, but this was dropped in favour of the indigenous Kamorta class.
John McDonald (February 10, 1787 – September 20, 1860) was a businessman and political figure in Upper Canada and Canada West.
He was born in Saratoga, New York in 1787, the son of John McDonald, a Scottish immigrant.
He set up in business at Troy, New York but joined his older brother Charles in the timber and grain trade at Gananoque in 1815.
They built a large water-powered flour mill on the Gananoque River in 1826.
Later that year, Charles died and John became the principal owner of the business.
He was named a justice of the peace and postmaster for Gananoque in 1828.
In 1831, he married Maria, the daughter of Benajah Mallory.
In 1836, he was named a commissioner for improving navigation on the Saint Lawrence River;
McDonald became president of the commission in 1838.
In 1839, he was named to the Legislative Council of Upper Canada and, in 1841, to the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada.
He was removed for non-attendance in 1848 after his business interests left him too busy to attend.
In 1851, he passed control of the firm to his nephew, William Stone McDonald.
He died at Gananoque in 1860.
McDonald's former residence now serves as the town hall for Gananoque.
John Downer (born 1952) is a British film producer of nature documentaries for television and cinema.
He is best known for his contributions to the nature documentary series BBC Wildlife Specials.
The Northern Territory Academy, formerly NT Thunder Academy, is an Australian rules football development team based in the Northern Territory (NT).
NT Academy currently fields teams in the under-18s and under-16s Talent League Boys and Talent League Girls competitions, playing a handful of games each season without being eligible for the premiership.
A senior NT Thunder club previously existed from 2008 until 2019, competing in the Queensland Australian Football League (QAFL), North East Australian Football League (NEAFL) and VFL Women's (VFLW).
On the morning of December 31, 2007, ten fireworks stores began burning in Barangay Turo, Bocaue, Bulacan, Philippines, causing a series of explosions in the area.
The fire lasted for almost an hour and caused several traffic jams on Fortunato F.
Halili Avenue and the North Luzon Expressway.
Kyrie is a unisex given name.
Notable people with the name include: Kyrie Irving (born 1992), American basketball player Kyrie Kristmanson (born 1989 or 1990), Canadian singer, songwriter, and musician Kyrie O'Connor (born 1954), American writer and newspaper editor Kyrie Wilson (born 1992), American gridiron football player
The 10,000 metre speed skating event was part of the speed skating at the 1952 Winter Olympics programme.
It was the last speed skating contest at this Games.
The competition was held on Tuesday, 19 February 1952, at 10 a.m.
Thirty speed skaters from 12 nations competed.
Agnoea subgilvida is a species of moth in the family Lypusidae, found on Corsica.
The wingspan is about 18 mm.
The forewings are pale cinereous, evenly suffused with pale greyish fuscous.
The hindwings are greyish.
This species was formerly in the genus Pseudatemelia.
TFX may refer to: TFX Program, a fighter aircraft requirement for the United States that led to the General Dynamics F-111 Aardvark TFX (video game), a combat flight simulation game (full title TFX: Tactical Fighter eXperiment) Tokyo Financial Exchange (TFX), a futures exchange for trading futures contracts TAI TFX, a proposed fighter aircraft for Turkish Air Force service TFX, a power supply specification TFX (TV channel), French TV channel, previously NT1
James MacLeod (born 25 July 1953) is a retired British rower.
He competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics.
This is a list of chemotherapeutic agents, also known as cytotoxic agents or cytostatic drugs, that are known to be of use in chemotherapy for cancer.
This list is organized by type of agent, although the subsections are not necessarily definitive and are subject to revision.
Each drug is listed once (at present), though it might fall in more than one subsection.
A full alphabetical listing is included after the categorical listing.
The agents in this list are often combined into chemotherapy agent for polychemotherapy (combination chemotherapy).
For example, the CHOP regimen consists of cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine and prednisone.
Besides chemotherapy, medical oncology (pharmacotherapy for cancer) includes several noncytotoxic classes of therapy, such as hormonal therapy and targeted therapy (biologic therapy).
Those agents are described in the relevant articles.
See also: List of antineoplastic agents
Eleanor Larosa (born 26 November 2005) is an Australian cricketer who currently plays for South Australia in the Women's National Cricket League (WNCL).
An all-rounder, she plays as a left-arm medium bowler and a left-handed batter.
Edmond-Joseph Massicotte (baptized Joseph-Edmond;
December 1, 1875 – March 1, 1929) was a Canadian artist in Quebec.
Obitius (Italian: Sant'Obizio) (February 4, c. 1150 - December 6, c. 1204) was an Italian saint.
He was born in Niardo, in the province of Brescia, around 1150 (tradition holds that the day was February 4).
His father, Gratiadeus (Graziodeo), was a knight and governor of Valcamonica.
Obitius was devoted to Margaret the Virgin as a youth, and displayed an image of this virgin martyr and his armorial device.
His family had connections with the local religious community.
An uncle had founded two monasteries and another relative had befriended Constantius of Perugia, the other patron saint of Niardo.
Obitius nevertheless became a knight and married the countess Inglissenda Porro, with whom he had four children: Jacopo, Berta, Margherita, and Maffeo.
Obitius had a successful military career as a knight, and participated in the wars between Cremona and Brescia.
Tan Sri Dato' Sri Halim bin Saad (born 20 October 1953) was known as the leading businessman of Renong / UEM Group in corporate Malaysia from 1985 to 2001.
The Renong / UEM Group was the largest corporate company in Malaysia at the time, with investments in almost every major sector in Malaysia; from Highway concessions, Bridge concession, Hotels, Hospitals, Pharmaceutical Products, Telecommunications, Light Rail Transit, Bus Fleets, International Airport Builder (KLIA), Malaysia National Sports Complex, Television & Media Network and even Print Media.
After leaving Renong / UEM Group in 2001, Tan Sri Halim Saad founded Markmore Group having local and oversea investments.
Oil & Gas - Onshore Exploration and Production, Mining concession, Renewable Energy, Construction and Property Development, Telecommunication Infrastructure, Education.
CODECO (French: Coopérative pour le développement du Congo, lit. 'Cooperative for the development of Congo') is a loose association of various Lendu militia groups operating within the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The name is an abbreviation of the group's lesser-known full name, the Cooperative for Development of the Congo, sometimes also styled the Congo Economic Development Cooperative.
The group was once a peaceful agricultural cooperative, before eventually transforming into an armed rebel movement.
The movement was reorganized under different leaders several times, becoming looser and less cohesive as time went on.
Several of the militias that claim CODECO affiliation stand accused of massacres and war crimes by United Nations officials.
Today it is described variously as an armed political-religious sect, an association of Lendu militias or a political-military sect.
CODECO declared a unilateral ceasefire in August 2020; however, the group increased attacks in 2021–2022, leading the Government of the DRC to declare a State of Siege in the Ituri and North Kivu in response to various CODECO and Islamic State-DRC attacks and massacres.
Charles Kent (18 June 1853 – 21 May 1923) was a British-American stage actor and silent film actor and director.
He appeared in more than 140 films between 1908 and 1923.
He also directed 36 films between 1908 and 1913.
In 7-dimensional geometry, there are 71 uniform polytopes with A7 symmetry.
There is one self-dual regular form, the 7-simplex with 8 vertices.
Each can be visualized as symmetric orthographic projections in Coxeter planes of the A7 Coxeter group, and other subgroups.
Kačji Dol (pronounced [ˈkaːtʃji ˈdoːl]) is a settlement in the Municipality of Rogaška Slatina in eastern Slovenia.
The area belongs to the traditional region of Styria.
It is now included in the Savinja Statistical Region.
"Freak" (also titled as "Freak U.S.A.") is the second single from The Smashing Pumpkins's 34-track music project, Teargarden by Kaleidyscope, and the first song released for the second accompanying EP The Solstice Bare.
Like all other songs on the EP, "Freak" was released as a free download on their official website.
The song was first played live on July 24, 2009, at the first Spirits in the Sky show in memoriam of Sky Saxon.
It was performed live by the Pumpkins throughout their 2010 tours.
Koenig's manometric flame apparatus was a laboratory instrument invented in 1862 by the German physicist Rudolph Koenig, and used to visualize sound waves.
It was the nearest equivalent of the modern oscilloscope in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
Joseph Ciresi (born September 15, 1970) is an American politician and Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 146th district.
Located in Montgomery County, the district includes all of Limerick Township, Lower Pottsgrove Township, Perkiomen Township, Royersford, Trappe, and parts of Pottstown.
Karl Luick (1865–1935) was the de facto founder of the Vienna School of English historical linguistics, which was continued by Herbert Koziol and has been expanded, most notably and most recently, by Herbert Schendl and Nikolaus Ritt as the most recent holders of the "Luick Chair" in English historical linguistics.
Julia Stoyanovich is an American computer scientist focusing on the ethics of artificial intelligence, responsible data science, and fairness in machine learning.
Beyond computer science, she has also published research on the effects of the Russo-Ukrainian war on Ukrainian students.
She is Institute Associate Professor and director of the Center for Responsible AI in the New York University Tandon School of Engineering.
Emily Tesh is a science fiction and fantasy author.
She won the 2024 Hugo Award for Best Novel for her first novel, Some Desperate Glory.
She won the World Fantasy Award in the novella category in 2020, and the Astounding Award for Best New Writer in 2021.
The Wilerhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, overlooking Wiler and in the canton of Valais.
It lies west of the Bietschhorn, on the range separating the Lötschental from the main Rhone valley.
It should not be confused with the Wilerhorn that is in the canton of Bern but the Emmental Alps.
Piotr Fergusson Tepper (1713–1794) was a Polish banker, merchant and industrial entrepreneur of Scottish and German origin.
Several ships have been named Duchess of Rutland (or Dutchess of Rutland) for one of the Duchesses of Rutland.
Duchess of Rutland (1786 ship) was launched in Dublin.
She carried passengers between England and Ireland.
In 1793 she apparently transferred to Liverpool and sailed from there as a West Indiaman.
She was on a voyage to Barbados when a French privateer captured her in 1797.
Duchess of Rutland (1799 ship) was launched in Sweden in 1786 under another name.
She was taken in prize in 1799 and thereafter served as a transport.
French frigates captured and burnt her on 4 February 1805 as she was sailing in convoy from Malta to London.
A locale, translated as "local" or "place", is the main local organizational unit of the 'Ndrangheta with jurisdiction over criminal activities in an entire town or an area in a large urban center.
A locale is usually made up by one 'ndrina, in the case of a small town, or several 'ndrine, if more than one 'ndrina operates in the same town.
In the case of larger cities a local may rule over a certain area or neighbourhood of the city.
In some contexts a 'ndrina is more powerful than the locale on which they formally depend.
Each locale has a boss with authority over members' life and death, a capo locale, usually the capobastone of a 'ndrina.
It has at least 49 members.
Besides the capo locale, there is the contabile (accountant) who handles the finances - commonly called la bacinella or la valigetta (briefcase).
A crimine oversees the illegal activity.
All three form a triumvirate called the Copiata.
A locale is often subdivided into two divisions: the società minore (the "minor" or lower society) and the società maggiore ("major" or higher society).
The minor is submissive to the major.
The locale of San Luca has a historical preeminence.
Every new group or locale must obtain its authorization to operate.
Every group belonging to the 'Ndrangheta "still has to deposit a small percentage of illicit proceeds to the principale of San Luca in recognition of the latter's primordial supremacy."
Niederösch is a former municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Oberösch and Niederösch merged into Ersigen.
Liam Scott McArthur (born 8 August 1967) is a Scottish politician who served as Deputy Presiding Officer of the Scottish Parliament, alongside Annabelle Ewing, from 2021 to 2026.
A member of the Scottish Liberal Democrats, he has been the Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for Orkney since 2007.
In the run up to the 2008 Spanish general election, various organisations carried out opinion polling to gauge the opinions that voters hold towards political leaders.
Results of such polls are displayed in this article.
The date range for these opinion polls is from the previous general election, held on 14 March 2004, to the day the next election was held, on 9 March 2008.
Colm Byrne (born 1966) is an Irish playwright.
He was born in Limerick and lives in Galway.
His plays have been noted as political, lively and poetic.
He is a recipient of a Bay Area Critics Circle award and is a writer in residence with the LA Writer's Center.
Anchiale austrotessulata (synonyms include Ctenomorphodes tessulatus), the tessellated stick insect, tessellated phasmid or tessulata stick insect, is a medium-sized, stick insect found in the Brisbane area of Australia.
Fully grown males in mating season exhibit frenetic behaviour.
This species is also parthenogenetic.
The species was first described in 1835 by George Robert Gray as Ctenomorphodes tessulata (later corrected to tessulatus).
Benjamin Christopher Flores Jr. (born July 24, 2002), also known as BNJII (formerly known as Lil' P-Nut), is an American rapper & actor.
Starting out as a child actor, Flores starred as Louie Preston in the Nickelodeon television series The Haunted Hathaways (2013–2015), and as Triple G in Game Shakers (2015–2019).
Transitioning to dramatic roles, he starred as Eugene Jones in Your Honor as well as Josh in the Fear Street trilogy.
An olla is a ceramic jar, often unglazed, used for cooking stews or soups, for the storage of water or dry foods, or for other purposes like the irrigation of olive trees.
Ollas have short wide necks and wider bellies, resembling beanpots or South Asian matki.
Evgeny Kurbatov (born May 18, 1988) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for HC Lada Togliatti of the Supreme Hockey League (VHL).
Vernon Park is the oldest country park in Stockport, Greater Manchester, England.
The Victorian park contains the Vernon Park Museum.
Luigi "Gino" Cervi (Italian pronunciation: [ˈdʒiːno ˈtʃɛrvi]; 3 May 1901 – 3 January 1974) was an Italian actor.
He was best known for portraying Peppone in a series of comedies based on the character Don Camillo (1952–1965), and police detective Jules Maigret on the television series Le inchieste del commissario Maigret (1964–1972).
Hotel Lenox or Lenox Hotel or Lennox Hotel may refer to several hotels in the United States: Hotel Lenox, a.k.a.
Hartford Hotel, a Beaux-Arts style hotel from 1899, in Ann Street Historic District, in Hartford, Connecticut Lenox Hotel (Lenox, Iowa), listed on the NRHP in Iowa The Lenox Hotel, a luxury hotel in downtown Boston, Massachusetts Madison-Lenox Hotel, a former hotel in Detroit, Michigan Lennox Hotel, a former hotel in St Louis Missouri
LO Stat (LO State) is one of two bargaining structures within the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions (LO).
LO Stat is the counterpart in negotiations over state employees' wages and conditions with the government and the employer's organisation, Spekter.
It organizes employees of (1) the Norwegian state (Government employees) or (2) of companies that are member bodies of the employers' association Spekter.
It was created in 1939 under the name Statstjenestemannskartellet ('the Cartel of Public Servants').
In 1996 it was renamed to LO Stat.
It was one of four cartels until 2004, when LO Industri and LO Service were abolished, leaving only LO Stat and, for municipal employees, LO Kommune.
The current chair is Tone Rønoldtangen.
Metso means Western capercaillie in Finnish.
Notable people with the surname include: Frida Johansson Metso (born 1984), Swedish politician Teemu Metso (born 1985), Finnish ice hockey player
Eduard Neumann may refer to: Eduard Neumann (philologist) (1903–1985), German philologist Eduard Neumann (fighter pilot) (1911-2004), German fighter pilot
Thromboangiitis obliterans, also known as Buerger disease (English ;
German: [ˈbʏʁɡɐ]) or Winiwarter-Buerger disease, is a recurring progressive inflammation and thrombosis (clotting) of small and medium arteries and veins of the hands and feet.
It is strongly associated with use of tobacco products, primarily from smoking, but is also associated with smokeless tobacco.
Dvor (pronounced [ˈdʋɔɾ], German: Hof) is a village on the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.
The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola.
The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Union councils of Satkhira District (Bengali: সাতক্ষীরা জেলার ইউনিয়ন পরিষদসমূহ) are the smallest rural administrative and local government units in Satkhira District of Bangladesh.
The district consists of two municipalities, 7 upazilas, 79 union porishods, 8 thana (police station) and 1436 villages.
Hisinger is a Scandinavian surname.
Notable people with the surname include: Eduard Hisinger (1832–1904), Finnish politician and biologist Wilhelm Hisinger (1766–1852), Swedish chemist and mineralogist
Shayne Paul Corson (born August 13, 1966) is a Canadian former professional hockey player who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Montreal Canadiens, Edmonton Oilers, St.
Louis Blues, Toronto Maple Leafs, and Dallas Stars.
During his NHL career, Corson battled both ulcerative colitis and, as detailed in the October 22, 2001, issue of Sports Illustrated, panic attacks.
He last played in the 2003–04 season.
The Palm Beach County Bar Association (PBCBA) is a voluntary bar association serving legal professionals in Palm Beach County, Florida.
Founded in 1922, it provides continuing legal education, professional networking, and community outreach programs to its members.
The PBCBA also plays a role in judicial evaluations, local legal reforms, and pro bono legal services.
Its headquarters are located in West Palm Beach, and the association has over 2,500 members across the region.
In Greek mythology, Psamathe (Ancient Greek: Ψαμάθη, romanized: Psamáthē, lit. 'sand-goddess' or 'goddess of sand') was the daughter of King Crotopus of Argos, who became the lover of the god Apollo.
Jehan Fresneau (also Fresnau, Frasnau) (fl. ca. 1468 – 1505) was a French composer of the Renaissance.
He was one of the composers in the renowned Milan chapel in the mid-1470s, which was disbanded after the assassination of Duke Galeazzo Maria Sforza.
Talisman was a Microsoft project to build a new 3D graphics architecture based on quickly compositing 2D "sub-images" onto the screen, an adaptation of tiled rendering.
In theory, this approach would dramatically reduce the amount of memory bandwidth required for 3D games and thereby lead to lower-cost graphics accelerators.
The project took place during the introduction of the first high-performance 3D accelerators, and these quickly surpassed Talisman in both performance and price.
No Talisman-based systems were ever released commercially, and the project was eventually cancelled in the late 1990s.
Gangsta Granny is a 2011 British children's comedy fiction book, written by David Walliams, illustrated by Tony Ross and published by HarperCollins.
A sequel, titled Gangsta Granny Strikes Again!, was published in 2021.
Gopashtami (IAST: Gopāṣṭamī) is a Hindu festival occurring on Ashtami (eighth day) of Shukla Paksha (waxing phase of moon) of Kartik month, in which cows and bulls are rendered worship.
It is the coming-of-age celebration when Krishna's father, Nanda, gave Krishna the responsibility for taking care of the cows of Vrindavan.
York—South Simcoe (French: York—Simcoe-Sud; formerly New Tecumseth—Gwillimbury) is a federal electoral district in Ontario, Canada.
It came into effect upon the call of the 2025 Canadian federal election, during which it was named New Tecumseth—Gwillimbury.
The riding changed to its current name in 2026 as part of Bill C-25 of the 45th Canadian Parliament.
The Nangang Software Park (NKSP;
Chinese: 南港軟體產業園區; pinyin: Nángǎng Ruǎntǐ Chǎnyè Yuánqū) is located in the 87-hectare Nangang Trade and Economic Park, Taipei, Taiwan.
It is also known as Nangang Software Industrial Park (Chinese: 南港軟體工業園), Nangang Industrial Park (Chinese: 南港工業園), and Nangang Science Park (Chinese: 南港科學園).
Gelechia senticetella, the cypress groundling, is a moth of the family Gelechiidae.
It was described by Otto Staudinger in 1859.
It is found in most of Europe, including Austria, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Cyprus, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Italy, North Macedonia, Sicily, Slovakia, Spain, Switzerland and Ukraine.
It is thought to be an introduced species in Great Britain.
The wingspan is 10-13.5 mm.
Adults have been recorded on wing from July to August.
The larvae feed on Juniperus communis, other Juniperus species and Thuja, Chaemocyparis and Cupressus species.
They mine the leaves of their host plant, later living within a silken tube or tent.
Cathrine Rosengren (born 1 February 1999) is a Danish para-badminton player who competes in international badminton competitions.
She is a four-time World bronze medalist and two-time European champion in singles' competitions.
She has competed at the 2020 and 2024 Summer Paralympics.
She lost in the women's singles SU5 semifinals to eventual gold medalist Yang Qiuxia.
Capitan High School is a public high school located in Capitan, New Mexico, United States.
The school has an enrollment of approximately 150 students in grades 9–12.
Athletic teams are known as the Fighting Tigers and the school colors are orange and black.
Gaupara (Bengali: ગૌપરા) is a village situated in Puthia Upazila, Rajshahi District, Bangladesh.
It has a population of around 1000.
There is a primary school in the village named Gaopara Govt.
There is a high school by the great highway between Dhaka and Rajshahi, the busiest highway in the country.
Kabekhabl (Russian: Кабехабль;
Adyghe: Къэбэхьабл) is a rural locality (an aul) in Khatazhukayskoye Rural Settlement of Shovgenovsky District, the Republic of Adygea, Russia.
The population was 1,015 as of 2018.
There are 14 streets.
Algerine Seamount is an undersea mountain in the North Atlantic Ocean, located about 560 km (350 mi) south of Cape Race in the northeastern portion of the Sohm Abyssal Plain.
Its summit is more than 2,000 m (6,600 ft) below sea level and rises to a height of over 1,200 m (3,900 ft).
With an areal extent of 550 km2 (210 mi2), Algerine Seamount is slightly bigger than the Ontarian city of Kingston.
To the east, Algerine Seamount is bounded by Birma Seamount.
Algerine Seamount is one of the seven named Fogo Seamounts.
Its name is derived from SS Algerine, a Newfoundland steamship that participated in the recovery efforts following the sinking of the RMS Titanic.
She had recovered one body after spending 3 weeks searching the area.
Belgium is a source, destination, and transit country for men, women, and children subjected to trafficking in persons, specifically forced labor and forced prostitution.
Victims originate in Eastern Europe, Africa, East Asia, as well as Brazil and India.
Some victims are smuggled through Belgium to other European countries, where they are subjected to forced labor and forced prostitution.
Male victims are subjected to forced labor and exploitation in restaurants, bars, sweatshops, horticulture sites, fruit farms, construction sites, and retail shops.
There were reportedly seven Belgian women subjected to forced prostitution in Luxembourg in 2009.
According to a 2009 ECPAT Report, the majority of girls and children subjected to forced prostitution in Belgium originate from Balkan and CIS countries, Eastern Europe, Asia (Thailand, China) and West Africa (particularly Nigeria); some young foreign boys are exploited in prostitution in major cities in the country.
Local observers also report that a large portion of children trafficked in Belgium are unaccompanied, vulnerable asylum seekers and refugees.
Criminal organizations from Thailand use Thai massage parlors in Belgium, which are run by Belgian managers, to sexually exploit young Thai women.
These networks are involved in human smuggling and trafficking to exploit victims economically and sexually.
Belgium is not only a destination country, but also a transit country for children to be transported to other European country destinations.
According to the Belgian immigration office, the government identified eight children between January and June 2009 as trafficked.
Foreign workers continued to be subjected to involuntary domestic servitude in Belgium, some involving members of the international diplomatic community posted in Belgium.
The Government of Belgium fully complies with the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking.
The government demonstrated it vigorously investigated, prosecuted, and convicted trafficking offenders.
It continued to fund NGOs to provide comprehensive protection and assistance to victims subjected to forced prostitution and forced labor in 2009.
State Department's Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons placed the country in "Tier 1" in 2017.
Sue-meg State Park (formerly Patrick's Point State Park) is a 640-acre California State Park (260 ha) in Humboldt County, California near Trinidad on the Redwood Coast, situated on a lushly forested promontory above the Pacific Ocean.
The park is home to many tree species including coastal redwoods, Sitka spruce, western hemlock, pine, grand fir, Douglas fir, red alder and wildflower meadows, with a shoreline that consists of sandy beaches and sheer cliffs against the Pacific Ocean.
Amenities include hiking trails, a recreated Yurok Village, a native plant garden, visitor center, three family campgrounds, two group camps, a camp for hikers and bicyclists, accessible beaches, lookout points, and three group picnic areas.
The Saint Sofia Church (Bulgarian: църква „Света София“, romanized: tsarkva "Sveta Sofia, lit. 'Church of Holy Wisdom') is a Bulgarian Orthodox church, located in Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria.
Built as a church in the fourth century CE, the building was converted to a mosque in the 16th century and was restored as a basilica during the 19th and 20th centuries.
It is one of the oldest churches in Sofia.
In 1329 CE, the town of Serdica was renamed as Sofia, after the church.
The Chariton Herald-Patriot Building is located in Chariton, Iowa, United States.
This is the earliest known building designed by Local architect William L.
Perkins, who had arrived in town the year before the building was completed in 1918.
The two-story hydro-stone block structure features a three bay, symmetrical facade, a simple classical cornice, and simple pilasters on the first floor with plain capitals that divide the bays.
The significance of the hydro-stone, which is a type of concrete block, is its use as a then new building material.
The building was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
In 2014 it was included as a contributing property in the Lucas County Courthouse Square Historic District.
Çayhan (Kurdish: Çayxan) is a village in the Kozluk District of Batman Province in Turkey.
The village had a population of 140 in 2021.
Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore (born 29 January 1970) is an Indian politician, Olympic medallist in shooting and retired colonel in the Indian Army.
He is serving as a cabinet minister at the Industry & Commerce, Youth Affairs & Sports Department in the Government of Rajasthan since December 2023.
Rathore was a Member of Parliament in the Lok Sabha from Jaipur Rural seat since 2014 till 2023.
He won 25 international medals at various championships for double trap shooting including a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the men's double trap event.
Rathore served as a commissioned officer in The Grenadiers regiment of the Indian Army before retiring in 2013 as a colonel.
Following his retirement from the army and shooting, he also acted in some advertisements and tv shows after that he later became a member of the parliament for the Bharatiya Janata Party in 2014.
In November 2014, Rathore was appointed as the Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting.
He served as a Cabinet Minister (Independent Charge) for the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports from 2017 to 2019 until 2019.
As of 2025, he serves in the Government of Rajasthan, holding the portfolios of Industry and Commerce, Youth Affairs and Sports, Information Technology and Communications, Military Welfare, and Planning and Entrepreneurship.
PT Bank Maybank Indonesia Tbk, (formerly Bank Internasional Indonesia) is a private bank in Indonesia.
It is a part of Maybank, one of the largest financial services groups in ASEAN.
Magdalena Barreiro (born 1956 in Quito) is an Ecuadoran former Economy Minister and professor of finance.
The Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus (Indonesian: Gereja Hati Kudus Yesus), also known as the Ganjuran Church (Gereja Ganjuran), is a Roman Catholic church located in Ganjuran, Bantul, Special Region of Yogyakarta, Indonesia.
It is the oldest church in its administrative regency.
The church was established on 16 April 1924 by the Schmutzer family, who owned a sugar factory in the area.
From a total of 25 Catholics in the area in 1922, the congregation has expanded to 8,000 in 2011.
The building has seen many modifications, including reconstruction after the 2006 Yogyakarta earthquake.
Much critical commentary has been made on its Javanese design, and the church continues to include Javanese culture in its liturgy.
Minami-morimachi Station (南森町駅, Minami-morimachi-eki) is a railway station on the Osaka Metro in Kita-ku, Osaka, Japan.
The Consulate General of South Korea in Chennai is one of the missions of South Korea in India focusing on Korean interests in the region.
It is located in Chennai and its jurisdiction includes the states of Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala and the union territory of Puducherry.
The other South Korean missions in the India is the Embassy of the Republic of Korea at New Delhi and the Consulate General of the Republic of Korea in Mumbai, in addition to an honorary consulate office in Kolkata.
The fourth and current consul general of the Chennai Consulate is Chang-nyun Kim.
He was preceded by Kwon Young Seup, the third consul general of the Chennai Consulate.
Douglas Park is a 10.7 acres (4.3 ha) park in Santa Monica, California.
Formerly the site of an aircraft factory and movie studio lot, the park is named after Donald Douglas and hosts a number of facilities, including a bowling green and Los Angeles County's largest municipal pond.
Whiteman Air Force Base (IATA: SZL, ICAO: KSZL, FAA LID: SZL) is a United States Air Force base located just south of Knob Noster, Missouri, United States.
It is operated by the Air Force Global Strike Command, as the base for all 19 operational B-2 Spirit nuclear-capable stealth bombers, as well as for A-10 Thunderbolt attack aircraft and others.
There is also a sizable Missouri Air National Guard presence on base.
The base is approximately 60 miles (100 km) east-southeast of Kansas City in rural Johnson County.
Originally established as the Sedalia Glider Base, it was later renamed after 2nd Lt George Whiteman, a native Missourian who was killed during the attack on Pearl Harbor.
The facility covers 5,566 acres (8.7 sq mi; 22.5 km2) and is maintained by the 509th Civil Engineer Squadron.
During the Cold War, Whiteman played a significant role in the American nuclear triad, with a total of 150 Minuteman intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) built in the vicinity of the base, later dismantled as part of arms reductions.
Following the end of the Cold War era, the base became home to the B-2 bomber force beginning in the 1990s and continues to play a crucial role in the US nuclear deterrent.
B-2 bombers have flown non-stop flights from Whiteman for bombing campaigns in Yugoslavia, Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, and Iran.
Yixianteres is an extinct genus of lophocaterine beetle found in China during the Early Cretaceous epoch.
It is a monotypic genus known from the species Y. beipiaoensis.
Nicolas Munoz is a French professional rugby league footballer who played in the 2000s and 2010s.
He played for Lézignan Sangliers of the French Rugby League Championship, as well as a France international representative.
He has been named in the France training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
Munoz represented France in the 2010 European Cup.
Halaʻula is a census-designated place (CDP) in Hawaiʻi County, Hawaiʻi, United States.
The population was 773 at the 2020 census.
Republica AFAP is a Uruguayan state-owned pension fund company, based in Montevideo.
It has a 38% share in the market as of 2010 and has some 20 different branches throughout Uruguay.
Jewett Harbert Davenport, also known as Jouett Harbert Davenport, (November 1, 1828-?) was a state legislator in Texas.
He served in the Texas Senate during the 14th, 16th and 17th legislatures.
Born in Clarke County, Georgia, he moved to Texas in 1854.
He lived in Coryell County before the civil war and served in the Confederate Army.
He lived in Bell County, Texas.
He chaired the committee on public printing.
He is buried at the Eastland Cemetery in Eastland, Texas.
Rich McDonald (born 21 May 1949) is a Canadian hurdler.
He competed in the men's 110 metres hurdles at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
In probability theory, a degenerate distribution on a measure space ( E , A , μ ) {\displaystyle (E,{\mathcal {A}},\mu )} is a probability distribution whose support is a null set with respect to μ {\displaystyle \mu } .
For instance, in the n-dimensional space ℝn endowed with the Lebesgue measure, any distribution concentrated on a d-dimensional subspace with d < n is a degenerate distribution on ℝn.
This is essentially the same notion as a singular probability measure, but the term degenerate is typically used when the distribution arises as a limit of (non-degenerate) distributions.
When the support of a degenerate distribution consists of a single point a, this distribution is a Dirac measure in a: it is the distribution of a deterministic random variable equal to a with probability 1.
This is a special case of a discrete distribution; its probability mass function equals 1 in a and 0 everywhere else.
In the case of a real-valued random variable, the cumulative distribution function of the degenerate distribution localized in a is F a ( x ) = { 1 , if x ≥ a 0 , if x < a {\displaystyle F_{a}(x)=\left\{{\begin{matrix}1,&{\mbox{if }}x\geq a\\0,&{\mbox{if }}x<a\end{matrix}}\right.} Such degenerate distributions often arise as limits of continuous distributions whose variance goes to 0.
Campbell Grobman Films is an American film and television production company founded by Christa Campbell and Lati Grobman in 2011.
It is responsible for the feature-length films Texas Chainsaw 3D, Straight A's, The Iceman, Reality Show, and A Case of You as well as documentaries The Resort and Brave Miss World.
Amblydectes is a genus of pterosaur known from jaw fragments found in the Cambridge Greensand.
It apparently had a jaw flattened towards the tip and triangular in cross-section.
It has at times been synonymized with Coloborhynchus, Criorhynchus, Lonchodectes, or Ornithocheirus.
A 2013 study found A. crassidens and A. eurygnathus to be nomina dubia, with A. platystomus possibly belonging to a separate, yet unnamed genus.
A 2021 study found A. crassidens to be a valid genus within Anhangueridae, while A. platystomus was placed in the new genus Draigwenia.
A. eurygnathus was found to possibly be a junior synonym of A. crassidens.
Tvoje lice zvuči poznato is the Croatian version of Your Face Sounds Familiar.
It started in October 2015.
There were four judges in season two, Branko Đurić (actor), Sandra Bagarić (opera singer), Tomo in der Mühlen (music producer & DJ) and different guest judges in every episode.
The Schwann, later Swann Baronetcy, of Prince's Gardens in the Royal Borough of Kensington, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
It was created on 16 July 1906 for Charles Swann, Liberal Member of Parliament for Manchester North from 1886 to 1918.
He was the son of Frederick Schwann, a German merchant who had emigrated to England.
Born Charles Schwann, he assumed by Royal licence the surname of Swann in lieu of his patronymic in 1913.
The 2nd Baronet represented Hyde in the House of Commons from 1906 to 1910.
Kuntz is a German surname.
The name originated as a short form of Konrad meaning "bold adviser", or being "crafty" in German.
In Yiddish the word is associated with a clever trick.
In the Kashubian (Kaszëbë) area name Kuntz comes from kashubian language name "Kunc" also "Kunz" means last farmer or farmer at the end of the road.
The surname is frequent around Puck where during the Prussian occupation name was frequently changed from Slavonic sound kunc (polish koniec) to Kunz or Kuntz.
This type of change of names was frequent for all Kashubian names like Lesna to Lesnau, Piontka to Piontke, etc.
Notable people with the surname include: Alan Kuntz (1919–1987), Canadian ice hockey player Albert Kuntz (1896–1945), German communist politician and concentration camp victim Andy Kuntz (born 1962), German progressive metal singer Bobby Kuntz (died 2011), Canadian football linebacker Harry Kuntz (died 1973), Canadian politician Joana Kuntz, professor of psychology in New Zealand Júlio Kuntz, Brazilian footballer Marcel Kuntz, French plant biologist Murray Kuntz (born 1945), Canadian ice hockey right winger Robert J.
Kuntz (born 1955), American game designer Roger Kuntz (died 1975), American landscape painter Rose Dieng-Kuntz (1956–2008), Senegalese French computer scientist Russell "Rusty" Kuntz (born 1955), American baseball player Stefan Kuntz (born 1962), German footballer Terry Kuntz (born 1953), American game designer Thomas Kuntz (born 1965), American multi-media artist Tom Kuntz (born 1972), American filmmaker Zack Kuntz (born 1999), American football player
Paul Stannard (17 January 1895 – 24 November 1982) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward for Sunderland.
The Hino Blue Ribbon (Japanese: 日野・ブルーリボン) is a heavy-duty single-decker bus produced by Hino Motors through the J-Bus joint venture.
The model range is primarily available as a city bus and a tourist coach.
It is manufactured by J-Bus either as a complete bus or as a bus chassis.
Bratan is a given name and a surname.
Bratan may also refer to: Bratan, Sliven Province – Village in Sliven Province, Bulgaria Bratan (volcano) – Three caldera lakes at the north of Bali island
M-61 is a state trunkline highway in the US state of Michigan that runs between Marion and Standish.
The highway runs along the boundary area between Northern Michigan and Central Michigan in the Lower Peninsula.
M-61 runs through rural forestland connecting several smaller communities together as it connects M-115, US Highway 127 (US 127), Interstate 75 (I-75) and US 23.
Less than 10,000 vehicles a day use various segments of the roadway on average.
The trunkline was first designated along a portion of its current alignment by 1919.
M-61 was extended in segments through 1940, with a truncation at the end of the 1950s.
One change in routing in the 1970s resulted in the current routing of the highway.
Dokki (Egyptian Arabic: الدقى pronounced [ed.ˈdoʔ.ʔi]) is one of nine districts that make up Giza, Egypt.
Dokki is situated on the western bank of the Nile, directly across from Downtown Cairo.
It is a major residential and commercial district with major roads connecting the two parts of Greater Cairo.
AutoCamp is a hotel company that allows customers to rent Airstream trailers to glamp near popular recreational areas, such as national parks.
It has six locations in California, Massachusetts, New York, and Utah.
AutoCamp Yosemite was listed by Time magazine as one of the "World's Greatest Places" in 2019.
AutoCamps are known for their luxury aspect, sometimes costing over $500 per night for a normal trailer.
It is in a partnership with the Airstream company itself.
Cherapakura Chedevu (transl.
If You try to Spoil Anyone You Only will get Spoiled) is a 1955 Indian Telugu-language drama film, produced and directed by Kovelamudi Bhaskar Rao under the Bhaskar Productions banner.
Rama Rao and Sowcar Janaki with music composed by Ghantasala.
It was dubbed in Tamil and released as Illarame Inbam in 1956.
Xomezana is one of 24 parishes (administrative divisions) in Ḷḷena, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in coastal northern Spain.
The parroquia is 18.57 km2 (7.17 sq mi) in size, with a population of 132 in 2023.
The parish of Xomezana and the Güerna Valley received the Exemplary Town of Asturias Award in 1998.
The M91 is a short metropolitan route in Greater Johannesburg, South Africa.
The entire route consists of one street (Monument Road) in the city of Kempton Park.
Yokohama Off-Highway Tires (formerly Alliance Tire Company (Pvt.) Ltd.) is a tire manufacturing company based in Mumbai, India producing and marketing tires for agricultural, multi-purpose and industrial clients in Europe, the USA, Japan, and Latin America.
It has three manufacturing plants in Hadera (Israel);
Tirunelvelli and Dahej (India) and it is owned by Yokohama Rubber Company since 2016.
Turkey was represented at the Eurovision Song Contest 1978 with the song "Sevince", composed by Dağhan Baydur and Onno Tunç, with lyrics by Hulki Aktunç, and performed by Nilüfer and Nazar.
The Turkish participating broadcaster, Turkish Radio and Television Corporation (TRT), selected its entry through a national final called Şarkı Yarışması.
This was the second entry from Turkey in the Eurovision Song Contest.
The entry came 18th in the contest.
Tao Jiali (Chinese: 陶佳莉; born 1986) is a Chinese fighter pilot in the People's Liberation Army Air Force.
She was one of 35 high school students selected to join the People's Liberation Army Air Force as cadet pilots in July 2005.
After four years of training at Aviation University and flight school, she became one of the 16 young women who graduated as fighter pilots.
Two taka is a metal coin of Bangladeshi taka.
The two taka currency was first issued in 2004.
Two taka coins are currently in use in Bangladesh.
"It Ain't Me" is a song by Norwegian DJ Kygo and American singer Selena Gomez.
It was released by Interscope Records, Sony and Ultra on 16 February 2017 as the lead single from Kygo's debut extended play Stargazing (2017) and appears as an international bonus track on Gomez's third studio album, Rare (2020).
The song was written by Kygo, Gomez, Brian Lee, Ali Tamposi, and Andrew Watt and produced by Kygo, Watt and Louis Bell.
An EDM, dance-pop, electropop and tropical house song, "It Ain't Me" comprises an acoustic guitar line, and a build-drop arrangement in its chorus featuring pulsing piano notes, bass, synthesizers, finger-snap claps and pan flute melodies.
Gomez sings the track in a husky tone, while in the chorus her vocals are reduced to recurring syllables.
The lyrics narrate a past relationship ruined by alcoholism.
In addition to reaching number one in Croatia, Lebanon, and Norway, the song attained top five peaks in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Malaysia, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Poland, Portugal, Scotland, Slovakia, Sweden and Switzerland.
It also reached the top 10 in Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom and the United States.
The song was remixed as an Amapiano song in 2021 which went viral on TikTok.
Canalispira aurea is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.
O'Conner (born February 19, 1949) is the author of five books about the English language.
A former staff editor at The New York Times Book Review, she has appeared regularly as a language commentator for WNYC and Iowa Public Radio.
She has written extensively for The New York Times, including book reviews, On Language columns, and articles for the op-ed page and the Week in Review section.
Her work has also appeared in Smithsonian, The Paris Review, the Literary Review (London), and other publications.
A native of Des Moines, Iowa, she graduated from Grinnell College in 1971 with a BA in philosophy and received an honorary degree from Grinnell in 2006.
She did graduate work in urban journalism at the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, before beginning her career as a reporter and editor in 1973.
After several years at The Des Moines Register and The Wall Street Journal, she joined the New York Times in 1982.
She and Stewart Kellerman, her husband and co-author of several books and articles, answer questions about the English language on The Grammarphobia Blog.
The Helena Seaporters were a minor league baseball team that represented Helena, Arkansas and played in the Cotton States League from 1935 to 1949.
A previous team, the Helena Hellions, played in the Arkansas State League in 1908 and 1909.
John Burridge (c.1681 – 2 February 1753) of London and Lyme Regis, Dorset, was a British merchant and Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1710 to 1728.
Burridge was the second son. of Robert Burridge merchant of Lyme Regis, and his wife Mary.
He established himself as a London merchant and shipowner, trading to the West Indies, Spain and America but kept a business interest in the West country.
He married Martha, Ledgingham, daughter of Warwick Ledgingham of Ottery St.
His wife had inherited the manor of Ottery St.
Mary in Devon and his uncle, John Burridge. settled a reversionary life interest in the manor of Thorn Falcon in Somerset on him at the time of his marriage.
Burridge later bought from his father the reversion of Charmouth in Dorset.
Burridge became a Freeman of Lyme Regis 1704, and obtained a political interest of his own by making a loan of £300 to the corporation and securing a mortgage on the town's waterworks.
At the beginning of 1708, Burridge was one of the merchants whose complaints about shipping losses led to an inquiry in the Lords into the shortage of cruisers and convoys.
At the 1710 general election he succeeded his uncle to what had virtually become the family seat at Lyme Regis.
He soon made clear his Whig political allegiance by voting for the motion of ‘No Peace Without Spain’ on 7 December 1711.
On 6 June 171, he told in favour of a bill to continue the Act enabling Quakers to affirm.
He voted against the French wines duties bill on 6 May 1713.
Marked as a Whig who was engaged in trade, Burridge also voted against the French commerce bill on 18 June 1713.
He was returned unopposed for Lyme Regis at the 1713 general election and voted against the expulsion of Richard Steele on 18 March 1714.
Burridge was returned unopposed at the 1715 general election and voted with the Administration in all recorded divisions of the Parliament.
In 1717 the Crown seized his estate for a debt of £2,600 for wine duties.
He paid off over £1,000 by November, and intended to pay the rest in 8 or 10 months.
He is mentioned in a report of the South Sea bubble inquiry as having accepted £2,000 stock from the Company on 17 March 1720 without paying for it.
At the 1722 general election there was a contest and he was returned by his father who was the mayor.
He became mayor himself for the year 1726 to 1727 and after a contest at the 1727 general election he returned himself.
This was contrary a resolution of the House of Commons of 1685 and he was unseated on petition on 28 February 1728.
On 15 August 1730, he applied to Walpole for assistance from the secret service funds on the grounds that he had served in parliament for nearly 20 years and had received little in return.
He stood again for Lyme Regis at the 1734 general election, but was heavily defeated.
In 1746 he petitioned George II in extravagant language, claiming that Walpole had promised him, in 1731, a further ‘secret service sum of £1,000’, which had not been paid.
Burridge died without issue on 2 February 1753.
Robert Lowther (c.1790 - 10 January 1879), was the first Collector of the district of Bulandshahr, North-Western Provinces, India, from 16 February 1824 to 15 March 1832.
He is credited with raising the state of that town from a collection of mud huts to a flourishing and more populous town.
His successors included George Dundas Turnbull, Charles Currie, and H.
Lowther entered Haileybury in 1808.
He married Laura Martinadle in 1847.
The 10.5 cm SK L/45 (Schnelladekanone Länge 45, quick-loading cannon with a barrel length of 45 calibers) was a German naval gun that was used in World War I and World War II and was the successor of the older 10.5 cm SK L/40 naval gun.
Hammarby Idrottsförening ("Hammarby Sports Club"), commonly known as Hammarby IF or simply Hammarby (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈhâmːarˌbyː] or, especially locally, [-ˌbʏ]), is a Swedish sports club located in Stockholm, with a number of member organizations active in a variety of different sports.
It was founded in 1889 as Hammarby Roddförening ("Hammarby Rowing Association"), but by 1897 the club had diversified and was participating in different sports, leading to the renaming to Hammarby IF.
In 1999, the club was reorganized into a legal format referred to in Swedish as an alliansförening ("alliance association"), with each of the club's departments becoming a separate legal entity cooperating under the "Hammarby IF" umbrella.
As of 2020, the club had a record high number of 22,746 active members in all of its sections.
Volodymyr Volodymyrovych Omelyan (Ukrainian: Володимир Володимирович Омелян; born 30 January 1979) is a Ukrainian diplomat and politician.
He is a former Ukraine's infrastructure minister in the government of Volodymyr Groysman.
Lethyna permodica is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Lethyna of the family Tephritidae.
Sadava et al., is a 1983 biological science textbook, under continual revision, used at many colleges and universities around the United States of America.
As of 2024, it is in its twelfth edition.
It is published by W.H.
Freeman through MacMillan Learning.
Queen's Hotel is a heritage-listed former hotel at 12 The Strand, Townsville CBD, City of Townsville, Queensland, Australia.
It was built from 1902 to 1920s.
It is also known as the Telecasters North Queensland Ltd Building.
It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
Local governments in Florida are established by the state government, and are given varying amounts of non-exclusive authority over their jurisdictions.
The laws governing the creation of local governments are contained in the Florida Constitution and the Florida Statutes.
Local governments are incorporated by special acts of the Florida Legislature.
These include four types: counties, municipalities, school districts, and special districts.
In some cases, municipal and county governments have merged into a consolidated government.
However, smaller municipal governments can be created inside of a consolidated municipality/county.
In Jacksonville, the municipal government has taken over the responsibilities normally given to Duval County, and smaller municipalities exist within it.
Both counties and cities may have a legislative branch (commissions or councils) and executive branch (mayor or manager) and local police, but violations are brought before a county court.
Counties and municipalities are authorized to pass laws (ordinances), levy taxes, and provide public services within their jurisdictions.
Every area of Florida is in a county, but only some areas have been incorporated as municipalities.
Every municipality is in a county, and the county jurisdiction overlays the municipal jurisdiction.
If there is a conflict between a county ordinance and a municipal ordinance, the municipal ordinance usually has precedence within the municipality's borders; however, if the county has been designated a charter county by the Florida Legislature, the county's ordinances have precedence.
Counties and municipalities may create community development agencies, which may take part of the money from taxes on increases in property values from their area of interest.
They then use the money received in reinvestment (improvements) in the area.
Local government is not required to pay for health care insurance for government retirees.
In 2011, researchers at Florida State University said that Florida's cities and counties have promised pensions they cannot afford.
Pension obligations constituted 8% of total spending by local governments in 2009.
Siwan is a Lok Sabha constituency in the state of Bihar in India.
The Lok Sabha is the lower house of the Parliament of India.
The constituency was formed following the States Reorganisation Act of 1956 and the constituency boundaries were readjusted by the Delimitation Order of 2008.
The constituency consists of 6 Assembly segments (constituencies) of the Bihar Legislative Assembly.
The Carter Glaciers are in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
The glaciers are situated along a ridge immediately to the east of the Continental Divide, mainly below an unnamed peak which rises to 9,164 feet (2,793 m).
The glaciers cover an area of approximately 50 acres (0.20 km2) at an elevation between 8,500 feet (2,600 m) and 7,200 feet (2,200 m) above sea level.
The Carter Glaciers consist of between three and four separate small glacial remnants (glacierets), none of which meet the threshold of 25 acres (0.10 km2) often cited as being the minimum size to qualify as an active glacier.
Menz Confectionery is a manufacturer of confectionery in Adelaide, South Australia.
It has its origins in two companies, W.
Menz & Co., a biscuit and confectionery business, and Robern, called Robern Menz from 1992 to January 2022.
C/1942 EA (Väisälä) is a Halley-type comet with an orbital period of about 86±4 years.
It is the third of four comets discovered by Finnish astronomer, Yrjö Väisälä.
Given only seven observations in the JPL SBDB solution, the comet's return is expected around 2027–2028.
JPL Horizons has the comet remaining more than 1.9 AU (280 million km) from Earth during the 2028 passage.
The following is a list of Norfolk State Spartans football seasons for the football team that has represented Norfolk State University in NCAA competition.
Haft Sanduq (Persian: هفت صندوق, also Romanized as Haft Şandūq and Khaft-Sanduk) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Olya Rural District, Ziaabad District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.
At the 2006 census, its population was 44, in 11 families.
"Part II (On the Run)" is a song recorded by American rapper Jay-Z from his twelfth studio album Magna Carta Holy Grail (2013) featuring American singer-songwriter Beyoncé.
The song was written by Jay-Z, James Fauntleroy, Timbaland, and J-Roc while the production was handled by the latter two.
It is viewed as a sequel to Beyoncé and Jay-Z's 2002 collaboration "'03 Bonnie & Clyde", a song which was rumored to be about their relationship. "Part II (On the Run)" is a slow-tempo Electro-R&B ballad instrumentally complete with synths and drums, and its lyrics refer to a rebellious couple in love and describe their dangerous relationship.
The song charted at numbers 93 and 81 on the UK Singles Chart and US Billboard Hot 100, respectively, based on downloads alone, following the release of Magna Carta Holy Grail.
It was sent to U.S. contemporary hit radio stations as the third single to be released from the album on February 18, 2014.
The Nahua are an indigenous people of Mexico and Central America.
Nahua may also refer to: Nahuatl, the language of the Nahuas Nahuan languages, a subgroup of the Uto-Aztecan languages, including Nahuatl Nahua, or Yaminawa language, a language of Peru
Oluwatomi is a masculine given name.
Notable people with the name include: Elijah Anuoluwapo Oluwaferanmi Oluwatomi Oluwalana Ayomikulehin Adebayo (born 1998), English footballer Oluwatomi Somefun, Nigerian banker Oluwatomi Jack, Musical Artist
The 2021 IIHF World Championship Division II was scheduled to be an international ice hockey tournament run by the International Ice Hockey Federation.
The Group A tournament would have been held in Beijing, China from 10 to 16 April and the Group B tournament in Reykjavík, Iceland from 18 to 24 April 2021.
On 18 November 2020, both tournaments were cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The England women's national under-23 football team, also known as England women Under-23s or England women U23(s), is an association football team operated under the auspices of The Football Association.
Since 2021, it has replaced the now defunct England women's under-21 team.
Its primary role is the development of players in preparation for the senior England women's national football team.
As long as they were eligible, players can play for England at any level, making it possible to play for the U23s, senior side, and again for the U23s, as Natasha Dowie, Rachel Williams and Danielle Buet have in the 2008–2018 era, as well as Katie Robinson, Jess Park, Maya Le Tissier and Ebony Salmon in the current era.
In 2005 Casey Stoney played for the team in the Nordic Cup, despite already having 30 caps at senior level.
It is also possible to play for one country at youth level and another at senior level (providing the player is eligible).
Helen Lander and Kylie Davies decided to play for Wales at senior level after playing for England U23s, while Sophie Perry elected to play for Ireland.
Advanced Intelligent Systems is a monthly peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering research on artificial systems that recognize, process, and respond to stimuli/instructions and learn from experience, including robotics, automation, artificial intelligence and machine learning, the human-machine interface, control theory and systems, smart and responsive materials, smart sensing systems, and programmed self-assembly.
Peronia peronii, also called Scaphis punctata, is a species of air-breathing sea slug, a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.
Hippo Hardware and Trading Company, or simply Hippo Hardware, is a hardware store in Portland, Oregon.
Established by Steven Miller and Stephen Oppenheim in southeast Portland in 1976, the business has operated from its current location on East Burnside Street in the Buckman neighborhood since 1990.
Hippo Hardware sells new and salvaged hardware, lighting, plumbing and other materials, as has a hippopotamus theme throughout.
The store has supplied locally filmed television series and has been described as an institution and a landmark.
Muen and Rid, originally known in Thai as Amdaeng Muean Kap Nai Rit (Thai: อำแดงเหมือนกับนายริด), is a 1994 Thai film directed by Cherd Songsri, starred by Chintara Sukapatana, Santisuk Promsiri, Duangdao Jarujinda, Man Terapol, Ron Rittichai, and produced by Five Star Production The film was screened at the Focus on Asia Fukuoka International Film Festival in 1994, The 10th Singapore International Film Festival in 1997, and the 7th Bangkok International Film Festival in 2009.
A list of films produced by the Marathi language film industry based in Maharashtra in the year 2012.
The method of screening has been linked to the early Egyptians who used the process to separate basic minerals by using a mesh that had equal openings.
This idea fell down through the ages and developed into a series of European patents around 1924, when the thought of electrically heating the wire cloth for screens was considered.
This was the first attempt at eliminating screen blinding (when the material being processed (clay, dirt, etc.) clogs the holes in the screen) by using heat, and it proved that the surface tension from blinding was reduced when heat was introduced.
The first commercially available screen heating system was developed in 1947 by F.R.
Hannon & Sons (now Hanco International ([1]), and Thomas W.
Hannon obtained a patent for his electrically heated screen construction and method [2] Archived 2017-02-11 at the Wayback Machine[3] Archived 2017-02-11 at the Wayback Machine[4] Archived 2017-02-11 at the Wayback Machine[5] Archived 2017-02-11 at the Wayback Machine.
This was just in time, as industries were beginning to expand in coming out of World War II.
The first applications of the screen heating system were limited almost exclusively to the clay industry, though it did not take long for other applications, in a variety of industries, to be identified.
Another significant invention for screen heating was created by Thomas W.
Hannon (for Hanco International).
This was for screen-related clamp bars (also known as a Wedge Grip), that are used when mounting a screen on frame members.
The clamp bars secured a screen to a tensioning rail, which in turn increased the electrical connection between the two components. ([6]) In the years following, copper and copper cables were implemented in an attempt to improve the system.
Silicon-bonded fiberglass was also added to the insulation of screen boxes.
For a short period, flexible shunts were also used, but a major deficiency was found in attaching the stationary transformer to a screen that vibrated.
Armature Studio, LLC was an American video game developer based in Austin, Texas.
Founded in September 2008 by former Retro Studios directors Mark Pacini, Todd Keller and Jack Mathews, the studio was known for developing Batman: Arkham Origins Blackgate (2013) and ReCore (2016).
Armature was acquired by Meta Platforms in 2022.
It was shut down by Meta in January 2026.
Choi Dong-soo (born 29 January 1985) is a South Korean footballer who last played as a forward for PSMS Medan (ISL).
Banksia strahanensis is an extinct species of tree or shrub in the plant genus Banksia.
It is known only from a fossil leaf and several fossil leaf fragments found in Early to Middle Pleistocene sediment at Regatta Point in western Tasmania.
These are long and very narrow, with entire margins, superficially resembling leaves of the extant B. spinulosa (hairpin banksia).
The fossils clearly belong to genus Banksia, section Oncostylis, series Spicigerae, the only difficulty being that all Oncostylis taxa have a visible network of veins on the upper leaf surface, whereas the fossil leaves appear not to.
They are most similar to the leaves of B. spinulosa, differing only in the absence of surface venation; a longer petiole; and the combination of narrow leaves with hairless undersides (all forms of B. spinulosa with leaves as narrow as those of B. strahanensis have hairy undersides).
Because of these differences, the fossils are considered a separate species.
The species is believed to represent an extinct lineage; it is unlikely to be an ancestor of any extant Banksia species, as the absence of leaf surface venation is thought to be an adaptation rather than a primitive state.
Extinction was probably caused by the climatic and physical disruption of the Early Pleistocene Glaciations.
The fossils of B. strahanensis were discovered in sediment at Regatta Point during the early 1980s.
A formal description was published in 1991 by Gregory J.
Hill, who named the species after the nearby town of Strahan.
Hence the species' full name is "Banksia strahanensis Jordan & Hill".
The holotype and a number of other specimens are stored in the Department of Plant Science at the University of Tasmania.
Montpollin (French pronunciation: [mɔ̃pɔlɛ̃] ) is a former commune in the Maine-et-Loire département in western France.
On 1 January 2013, it was merged with the former communes of Baugé, Pontigné, Saint-Martin-d'Arcé and Le Vieil-Baugé to create the commune of Baugé-en-Anjou.
Its population was 282 in 2022.
Simpang Ampat (also spelt as Simpang Empat) is a residential neighbourhood within the city of Seberang Perai in the Malaysian state of Penang.
It borders Bukit Mertajam town to the north, Junjung town to the east, Sungai Bakap town to the south, and Batu Kawan town to the west.
Kevin "The Rat" Radich (born June 13, 1960) was the weekday afternoon sports reporter on KGO AM 810, in San Francisco.
He joined KGO in early 2007, after a year of work as a weekend sports anchor for KCBS 740 AM radio.
His wife, Kim Wonderley, works at KCBS as the morning traffic anchor.
On June 21, 2015 Ben Fong-Torres' column Radio Waves in the San Francisco Chronicle reported that Radich had been fired by KGO.
Radich was honored with an APTRA Mark Twain Award in January 2009.
The competition covered California, Nevada, Hawaii, Arizona, New Mexico, Washington, Idaho, Colorado, Utah, Montana, Wyoming, and Alaska.
Judging took place at The Associated Press Bureau in Downtown Los Angeles with a panel of leading broadcast journalists that considered hundreds of entries from the 2008 calendar year.
R-4 BEST RADIO SPORTS SEGMENT “The KGO 5:25 PM Sports Report” Kevin Radich KGO, San Francisco Radich began his radio career at KFOG in San Francisco in June 1985 after winning an on-air audition for a sports reporter.
He later appeared as morning sports reporter on KRQR ("The Rocker") in San Francisco in the early 1990s.
Radich spent 15 years on the morning airwaves on KNBR 680 in San Francisco as a sports reporter using the nickname "Kevin The Rat." He was a central figure on the Frank Dill Show and later the Gary Radnich Show before leaving the station.
In 2003, Radich joined KHTK 1140 AM in Sacramento.
He anchored the morning show, "The Rise Guys," along with Whitey Gleason and The Phantom.
He left that show on November 11, 2005, to join his wife in the San Francisco Bay Area.
She had started working at KCBS the previous year.
Radich joined KCBS in December 2005.
Radich's place was taken by former major leaguer F.
Santangelo, who had previously been a fill-in host on San Francisco's KNBR 680.
Yarbaşçandır is a neighbourhood of the municipality and district of Konyaaltı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
Its population is 417 (2022).
Kanagawa 4th district (神奈川県第4区, Kanagawa-ken dai-yonku or simply 神奈川4区, Kanagawa-yonku) is a single-member constituency of the House of Representatives in the national Diet of Japan located in Kanagawa Prefecture.
Gamesmanship is the use of dubious (although not technically illegal) methods to win or gain a serious advantage in a game or sport.
It has been described as "pushing the rules to the limit without getting caught, using whatever dubious methods possible to achieve the desired end".
It may be inferred that the term derives from the idea of playing for the game (i.e. to win at any cost) as opposed to sportsmanship, which derives from the idea of playing for sport.
The term was popularized by Stephen Potter's humorous 1947 book, The Theory and Practice of Gamesmanship (or the Art of Winning Games without Actually Cheating).
It had, however, been used before by Ian Coster in his autobiographic book Friends in Aspic, published in 1939, where it was attributed to Francis Meynell.
Alan Welle (born November 2. 1945) is an American politician and businessman.
He served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1983 to 1994 and was a Democrat.
In 1991, he was elected to serve as the caucus' Majority Leader for the 1992 Legislative Session, succeeding Dee Long who would be elected as Speaker.
Uvas Reservoir is an artificial lake located west of Morgan Hill, California, in the United States.
The reservoir is surrounded by a 626-acre (253 ha) park managed by the Santa Clara County Parks and Recreation Department.
The park provides limited fishing ("catch-and-release"), picnicking, and hiking activities.
Boating is not permitted in the reservoir.
Carson Wilford Leach (August 26, 1928 – June 18, 1988) was an American theatre director, set designer, film director, screenwriter, and professor.
Lincoln's Inn Society was a social club based at Harvard Law School, in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
It was originally known as Choate Inn of the Phi Delta Phi.
It became a private club when the Harvard faculty voted to ban all fraternities in 1907.
Lincoln's Inn Society merged with HL Central in 2007, following declining membership and a lack of funds.
Euphyllia is a genus of large-polyped stony coral.
Several species are commonly found in marine aquariums.
The genus includes the following species: Euphyllia baliensis Turak, Devantier & Erdman, 2012 – bubble coral Euphyllia cristata Chevalier, 1971 – grape coral Euphyllia glabrescens (Chamisso & Eysenhardt, 1821) – torch coral Euphyllia paraglabrescens Veron, 1990 The former subgenus Fimbriaphyllia was elevated to full genus status, and the 5 species were assigned to it were moved accordingly.
Karl Wittig (11 November 1890 – 4 September 1958) was a German racing cyclist.
He won the German National Road Race in 1910.
Miomachairodus is an extinct genus of large machairodontine (saber-toothed cat) containing only a single species, Miomachairodus pseudailuroides.
It is mainly known from Middle Miocene-age fossils in Turkey and persisted until the early Late Miocene (Vallesian).
Fossils of this machairodont have been found in the Vallesian-age Bahe Formation in Shaanxi, China, and Yeni Eskihisar in Anatolia.
This Turkish site is of Miocene age and is well known for its pollen studies.
Głogowiany [ɡwɔɡɔˈvjanɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielki, within Miechów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
Brookfield Air Force Station is a closed United States Air Force General Surveillance Radar station.
It is located 1.1 miles (1.8 km) south-southeast of Brookfield, Ohio.
It was closed in 1959.
The Global Sumud Flotilla (GSF;
Arabic: أسطول الصمود العالمي, romanized: Usṭūl aṣ-Ṣumūd al-ʿĀlamī), sometimes referred to as the Global Freedom Flotilla (أسطول الحرية العالمي, Usṭūl al-Ḥurriyya al-ʿĀlamī), was an international, civil society-led maritime initiative launched in mid-2025, which attempted to break the Israeli blockade of the Gaza Strip but was thwarted in an intercept by Israeli naval forces.
It is named after ṣumūd, Arabic for 'steadfastness' or 'resilience'.
The initiative emerged in July 2025, organised by coalition of Freedom Flotilla Coalition (FFC), Global Movement to Gaza, Maghreb Sumud Flotilla and Sumud Nusantara, during the Gaza war.
The flotilla comprised over 40 vessels with 500 participants from more than 44 countries, making it the largest civilian-led convoy of its kind in history.
Some attempts to break the Israeli blockade were successful before 2010, but since then ships have been intercepted or attacked by Israeli forces, including an attack by drones in May 2025 and interceptions in international waters in June and July 2025.
By early 3 October, Israel had intercepted all vessels of the flotilla, after drone attacks had been reported, and naval vessels dispatched to provide assistance.
The flotilla was the first unauthorized naval humanitarian mission to come within 70 nautical miles (130 km) of the Gaza coast since the imposition of the blockade in 2009.
The flotilla began to set sail late August 2025 with delegations and convoys departing Otranto, Genoa and Barcelona, followed by Catania, Syros and Tunis early September.
On 3 September, the Italian convoy reached Sicily and Tunisian vessels began converging on Tunis.
Four days later, part of the Spanish convoy arrived in northern Tunisia, where in the early hours of 9 September, a fire broke out on one of the main vessels, suspected to be a drone attack.
A second incendiary attack was reported the following night on another vessel.
On 19 September, the Spanish and Tunisian convoys, having merged in Sicily, departed heading towards Greece.
On 22 September, the Greek convoy then departed from Milos heading towards Crete, arriving the following day.
On the night of 24 September, eleven vessels were attacked by drones.
On 28 September, with the convoys merged in Crete, the flotilla departed to continue its journey towards Gaza.
Between 1 and 2 October, the Israeli Navy intercepted the ships, detaining hundreds of people.
In the evening of the interception, spontaneous protest took place across various locations in Europe in response.
Three days later, 42 detainees began a hunger strike in protest, and by 6 October, over a hundred activists had been deported from Israel.
Participants reported mistreatment during detention, that was dismissed by the Israeli foreign ministry, and the interception was condemned by several political figures.
On 8 October, a subsequent flotilla consisting of 9 ships, organised by FFC and Thousand Madleens to Gaza, was intercepted with participants detained about 120 nautical miles from Gaza.
The initiative received support from over a dozen foreign ministers, Italian politicians and political parties, MPs in Spain and Portugal, the President of Colombia Gustavo Petro, and the UN Special Rapporteur on the occupied Palestinian territories, Francesca Albanese.
In contrast, Israeli minister of national security Itamar Ben-Gvir stated that participants should be imprisoned as terrorists and the Israeli foreign ministry vowed to stop the flotilla.
In response to attacks on the flotilla, the Italian ministry of defense sent Italian Navy ships to assist the flotilla and Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez dispatched a Spanish Navy vessel in case of a rescue operation.
With the navy vessels retreating as the flotilla reached closer to Gaza, the Ministry of National Defense of Turkey confirmed it would continue to ensure the safety of the flotilla if required.
The European Commission stated that it does not support aid flotillas to Gaza.
This is a list of Dirty Jobs DVDs and media that have been released in region 1 and 4 from the TV show Dirty Jobs.
Surf's Up is the seventeenth studio album by the American rock band the Beach Boys, released on August 30, 1971, on Brother/Reprise/Warner Bros.
It received largely favorable reviews and reached number 29 on the U.S. record charts, becoming their highest-charting LP of new music in the country since 1967.
In the UK, Surf's Up peaked at number 15, continuing a string of top-40 records that began in 1965.
The album's title and cover artwork (a painting based on the early 20th-century sculpture "End of the Trail") are a tongue-in-cheek, self-aware nod to the band's early surfing image.
Originally titled Landlocked, the album took its name from the closing track "Surf's Up", originally intended for the unfinished album Smile.
Most of Surf's Up was recorded from January to July 1971.
In contrast to the previous LP Sunflower, Brian Wilson was not especially active in the production, which resulted in thinner vocal arrangements.
Lyrically, Surf's Up addresses environmental, social, and health concerns more than the group's previous releases.
This was at the behest of newly recruited co-manager Jack Rieley, who strove to revamp the group's image and restore their public reputation following the negative reception to their recent albums and tours.
His initiatives included a promotional campaign with the tagline "it's now safe to listen to the Beach Boys" and the appointment of Carl Wilson as the band's official leader.
The record also included Carl's first major song contributions, "Long Promised Road" and "Feel Flows".
Two singles were issued in the U.S.: "Long Promised Road" and "Surf's Up".
Only the former charted, when it was reissued with the B-side "'Til I Die" later in the year, peaking at number 89.
In 1993, Surf's Up was ranked number 46 in NME's list of the "Top 100 Albums" in history.
In 2000, it ranked number 230 in Colin Larkin's All Time Top 1000 Albums.
Session highlights, outtakes, and alternate mixes from the album were collected for the 2021 compilation Feel Flows.
Michael Ian Mancienne (born 8 January 1988) is a former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Born in England, he played for the Seychelles national team.
He played for football clubs in Germany, the United States, and England.
Schooled primarily as a centre back, Mancienne can also play as a defensive midfielder as well as both fullback positions as he showed during appearances for Chelsea, and multiple loan spells at Wolverhampton Wanderers.
He is a former England under-21 player, having received his first call-up for the senior squad in November 2008, ahead of a friendly against Germany.
Aqif Përmeti (28 November 1884 – 14 April 1945) was an Albanian military officer and politician.
He served as Minister of Defence during the Italian occupation of Albania.
In 1944 he was arrested by the communist regime and a year later was sentenced to death and executed on April 14 in Tirana.
Segala is an administrative ward in the Chamwino district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania.
According to ]2016 population estimates, the ward has a total population of 13,902.
Eocarcinoidea is a superfamily of fossil decapod crustaceans.
Formerly thought to be the earliest true crabs, they are now thought to be the oldest members of the Anomura.
Two species are included, each in its own family-taxon: Eocarcinus praecursor (Eocarcinidae) and Platykotta akaina (Platykottidae).
The first list lists the permanent judges of the International Court of Justice, the main judicial organ of the United Nations.
The second list lists the judges appointed ad hoc by a party to a proceeding before the Court pursuant to Article 31 of the Statute of the International Court of Justice.
Peabody–Darst–Webbe is a neighborhood of St.
It is also called the Near Southside neighborhood.
Peabody–Darst–Webbe is an area bounded by S.
Tucker Blvd. on the east, Chouteau Ave. on the north, Dolman Street on the west, and the I-55/I-44 interchange on the south.
The Montessori method was practiced in the United States early after its invention.
While the name is not trademarked and there is no central authority for the method, the American Montessori Society (AMS) was established in 1960.
Love, Weddings & Other Disasters is a 2020 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Dennis Dugan, from a story by Dugan, Eileen Conn and Larry Miller.
It stars Diane Keaton, Jeremy Irons, Maggie Grace, Diego Boneta and Andrew Bachelor.
It was released on December 4, 2020, by Saban Films and was a critical and commercial failure.
In modal logic, Sahlqvist formulas are a certain kind of modal formula with remarkable properties.
The Sahlqvist correspondence theorem states that every Sahlqvist formula is canonical, and corresponds to a class of Kripke frames definable by a first-order formula.
Sahlqvist's definition characterizes a decidable set of modal formulas with first-order correspondents.
Since it is undecidable, by Chagrova's theorem, whether an arbitrary modal formula has a first-order correspondent, there are formulas with first-order frame conditions that are not Sahlqvist [Chagrova 1991] (see the examples below).
Hence Sahlqvist formulas define only a (decidable) subset of modal formulas with first-order correspondents.
Emma Adbåge (born 1982) is a Swedish illustrator and children's writer.
In addition to illustrating her own books, she contributes to works by other authors while also taking on commissions from educational publishers.
In 2013, she was awarded the Elsa Beskow Plaque for her illustrated Lenis Olle and other works for children.
The 1994 Rutgers Scarlet Knights football team represented Rutgers University in the 1994 NCAA Division I-A football season.
In their fifth season under head coach Doug Graber, the Scarlet Knights compiled a 5–5–1 record, were outscored by opponents 261 to 241, and finished in sixth place in the Big East Conference.
The team's statistical leaders included Ray Lucas with 1,869 passing yards, Terrell Willis with 1,080 rushing yards, and Marco Battaglia with 779 receiving yards.
Science and Conscience is a Canadian current affairs television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1968.
Harold Weisberg (April 8, 1913 – February 21, 2002) was a former newspaper reporter and U.S.
Senate staff investigator who spent the last decades of his life researching and writing about the JFK assassination.
Sometimes dubbed "the dean of the assassination researchers", Weisberg was one of the foremost members of the so-called first-generation critics of the Warren Commission.
His best-known work was the four-part series, Whitewash.
He also wrote about the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr.
Memorial Manuel Galera was a single-day road bicycle race held annually in the Province of Granada, Spain from 1972 until 2004.
From 1972 to 1979, the race was reserved for amateurs.
The race was named in honor of Manuel Galera, a Spanish cyclist who died during the 1972 Vuelta a Andalucía.
The Road: The Tragedy of One (Korean: 더 로드: 1의 비극) is a 2021 South Korean television series directed by Kim No-won and starring Ji Jin-hee, Yoon Se-ah, Kim Hye-eun and Kim Sung-soo.
Based on the work by Rintaro Norizuki, the series tells the story of the ugly desires, secrets, guilt and salvation of 'Royal the Hill', where only the top 1% of Korea live.
It premiered on tvN on August 4, 2021, and aired on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 22.30 (KST) for 12 episodes.
British philosophy refers to the philosophical tradition of the British Isles, Great Britain, and the British people, a part of British culture.
The universities of Oxford and Cambridge both have long philosophical traditions since the Middle Ages, which includes British philosophers like Saint Anselm of Canterbury, Duns Scotus, and William of Ockham.
British modern philosophers and schools include Francis Bacon, Thomas Hobbes, the British empiricists, utilitarians, and British idealists.
Since the 20th century, British philosophy has been dominated by analytic philosophy.
Samontu (or Zamonth) was an ancient Egyptian vizier who is thought to have been in office during the reign of Amenemhat III, at the end of the Twelfth Dynasty and early Thirteenth Dynasty, during Middle Kingdom period.
Prime Bank Cricket Club, owned by Prime Bank Limited, plays List A cricket in the Dhaka Premier Division in Bangladesh.
It won the tournament in 2014–15.
The club also participated in the 2013–14 Victory Day T20 Cup and was crowned the champions.
Moldova competed at the 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha, Qatar, from 27 September–6 October 2019.
Strasbourg Airport (French: Aéroport de Strasbourg;
German: Flughafen Straßburg;
Alsatian: D'r Strossburi(g) Flughàfa) (IATA: SXB, ICAO: LFST) is a minor international airport located in Entzheim, 10 km (6.2 miles) west-southwest of Strasbourg, both communes of the Bas-Rhin département in the Alsace région of France.
In 2025, the airport served 1,308,984 passengers.
An all-star team is a group of people all having a high level of performance in their field.
Originating in sports, it has since drifted into vernacular and has been borrowed heavily by the entertainment industry.
PATCOB (Professional, Administrative, Technical, Clerical, Other white collar, and Blue collar) are occupational categories established by Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC).
They are used for statistical reporting on data collected by the United States Census Bureau, employer reports or federal agencies.
The approximately 420 federal employee Occupational Specialty Codes from the United States Office of Management and Budget are characterized into one of these categories by the EEOC for statistical reporting and evaluation of affirmative action programs.
For workers outside the government, the civilian labor force is characterized by the federal code that closest matches their job title.
The categories may be roughly described as follows: Professional - occupations with matching 4-year or higher degree with major in that area. (e.g. doctor, lawyer, accountant, biologist, chemist, engineer) Administrative - occupations in fields of management or administrative involving significant levels of analysis, judgement and responsibility. (e.g. organization head, program manager, budget analyst) Technical - occupations typically supportive of professional or administrative which is non-routine and uses practical knowledge and experience/training below bachelor's degree level.(e.g. computer technician, budget assistant, personnel assistant) Clerical - occupations supportive of office or business which is routine and structured. (e.g. secretary, receptionist) Other - Occupations that cannot be otherwise attributed (e.g. security guards, training programs) Blue Collar - Occupations in a recognized trade or craft, typically Wage Grade or Union. (e.g. driver, plumber, heavy equipment operator) In 2004, EEOC changed to nine occupational categories: officials and managers, professionals, technicians, sales, office and clerical, craft workers, operatives, laborers, and service workers.
Magdalena of Sweden (Magdalena Karlsdotter Bonde; 1445 – August 1495) was a Swedish princess.
She was the daughter of King Karl Knutsson and his first queen consort, Catherine Karlsdotter.
In 1468–1470, her spouse Ivar Axelsson (Tott) was the promised successor of her father as regent.
Issiaka Ouattara (1967 – 5 January 2020) was an Ivorian military serviceman.
He served as lieutenant colonel and was part of the Forces Nouvelles de Côte d'Ivoire.
Ouattara was also a major player in the First Ivorian Civil War.
Saint Sebastian is a painting of the eponymous Christian saint by the Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli, executed before January 1474 when it was endowed to the church of Santa Maria Maggiore, Florence.
Today the panel is housed in the Gemäldegalerie in Berlin.
Veal is a Canadian indie rock band with country music influences.
Originally based in Vancouver, the band later moved to Toronto, Ontario.
The Sawtelle Line was an interurban railway route primarily operated by the Pacific Electric Railway that ran between Downtown Los Angeles and Santa Monica, California.
The line was established by the Pasadena and Pacific Railway between 1896 and 1901, with passenger service running until 1940.
Marotoko is a town and commune in Madagascar.
It belongs to the district of Ifanadiana, which is a part of Vatovavy-Fitovinany Region.
The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 7,000 in 2001 commune census.
Only primary schooling is available.
The majority 95% of the population of the commune are farmers.
The most important crop is rice, while other important products are coffee, sugarcane and cassava.
Services provide employment for 5% of the population.
Athamanika or Tzoumerka (Greek: Αθαμανικά or Τζουμέρκα) is a mountain range in northwestern Greece, part of the wider Pindus mountain range.
Its highest point is the mountain Kakarditsa, at 2,429 m.
Its length is approximately 40 km from north to south and its width is approximately 15 to 20 km from east to west.
The only major road crossing the Athamanika is the Greek National Road 30 (Arta - Trikala - Karditsa - Volos).
Helene Thomas Bennett (July 5, 1901 – April 27, 1988) was an American bacteriologist and businesswoman who worked in Arizona.
She opened the Yuma Clinical Laboratory in 1926, in Yuma, Arizona, which became the second largest medical laboratory in Arizona.
She was posthumously inducted into the Arizona Women's Hall of Fame in 2011.
The National Pesticide Information Center (NPIC) is a collaboration between Oregon State University and the United States Environmental Protection Agency to provide objective, science-based information about pesticides, the recognition and management of pesticide poisonings, toxicology and environmental chemistry.
It is funded through a cooperative agreement that is competitively awarded to an eligible applicant every 3–5 years.
It was previously known as the National Pesticide Telecommunication Network.
Yukarıkaraçam is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district of Savaştepe, Balıkesir Province in Turkey.
Its population is 39 (2022).
Highway 101 is an east–west 100-series highway in Nova Scotia that runs from Bedford to Yarmouth.
The highway follows a 310 km (190 mi) route along the southern coast of the Bay of Fundy through the Annapolis Valley, the largest agricultural district in the province.
Between its western terminus at Yarmouth to Weymouth, the highway is 2-lane controlled access.
Between Weymouth and Digby, the highway reverts to a 2-lane local road.
From Digby to Grand Pre, the highway is 2-lane controlled access.
From the Gaspereau River crossing near Grand Pre to 3 km west of Exit 6 (Falmouth) the highway is a 4-lane freeway.
Heading east the highway is 2-lane controlled access until Exit 5 (Trunk 14).
From Three Mile Plains to its eastern terminus at Bedford, the highway is a 4-lane freeway.
Some of the 2-lane controlled access sections of the highway are 3 or 4 lanes, with the addition of passing lanes.
One section of the 4-lane freeway near Hantsport is a short 5-lane (3 lanes westbound) section for about 2 km due to previous road configuration for a passing lane due to a steep hill.
Similar to Highway 103, kilometre markers increase run west-to-east, increasing from Yarmouth to Bedford; however, exit numbers run east-to-west, increasing from Bedford to Yarmouth.
The provincial government named the highway the Harvest Highway on 7 December 2008 to recognize the important contributions of farmers in Nova Scotia.
Veiko Lember (born 29 November 1977) is an Estonian volleyball player.
He was born in Kuressaare.
In 2002 he graduated from the University of Tartu's Faculty of Social Sciences.
He began his volleyball career in 1985, coached by his mother Marvi Lember.
He has played in volleyball club Ösel Foods Tartu, Pärnu VK, Tallinna Audentes, and Tallinna Selver. 1998–2009 he was a member of Estonian national volleyball team. 2006-2016 he worked at Tallinn University of Technology.
Young, Dumb and Living Off Mum is a British entertainment reality series which aired on BBC Three.
The show is part of BBC Three's Adult Season, and is narrated by Robert Webb.
Baspa is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
The type species is Papilio melampus Stoll.
It is part of Rapala.
Rice hoja blanca virus (RHBV), Spanish for "white leaf rice virus", is a plant virus in the family Phenuiviridae.
RHBV causes Hoja blanca disease (HBD), which affects the leaves of the rice plant Oryza sativa, stunting the growth of the plant or killing it altogether.
RHBV is carried by an insect vector, Tagosodes orizicolus, a type of planthopper.
The virus is found in South America, Mexico, throughout Central America, the Caribbean region, and the southern United States.
In South America, the disease is endemic to Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru, Suriname, French Guiana and Guyana.
Lakes Amance and du Temple are the two human-made lakes that together form the Aube reservoir.
They are located in the Aube department, in the Grand Est region of France.
The former is Europe's largest lake reserved for motorboating, and the latter is Europe's largest non-nautical lake.
While their normal capacity is 170 hm3, with a total surface area of 23.2 km2 they could, if combined as a single lake, be the third largest man-made lake in France, matching the size of Lac d'Orient.
Completed and commissioned in 1989, they are among the last of the great Seine lakes to have been built.
Like the neighboring Lac d'Orient, they are part of the Orient Forest Regional Natural Park, created in 1970, twenty years before the project was completed.
The two lakes, linked by a channel, were designed to protect Paris and its conurbation from the devastating floods of the Seine, into which the Aube flows.
They were also given secondary functions: while Lake Amance, to the east, was dedicated to motorboating, Lac du Temple, to the west, was given over to nature discovery.
Longreef is an Australian rock band from Sydney, formed in 2010.
The band consists of Josh Barker (vocals/guitar), Nick Miller (guitar), Tristan Davies (drums), and Jim Wark (bass/vocals).
The band released their self-titled debut EP in 2011 and their second EP entitled "Dirty Motel" in 2012, which features their Active Rock radio singles "Dirty Motel" and "She Likes The Ladies" featured on Octane (Sirius XM).
The band performs over 200 shows a year in the United States and was named one of DeliRadio's Hardest Touring Artists of 2013.
The band supports the Ronald McDonald House Charities by donating 10 cents for every mile travelled.
Mari Piuva (born 21 October 1980) is an archer from Finland who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Piuva was born in Kemi in Lapland and was introduced to archery at the age of fifteen.
She was a three-time Finnish national archery champion prior to winning a qualification spot for the 2004 Olympics at that year's European Archery Championships.
Entering the women's individual event, Piuva was seeded 49th for the competition's elimination rounds with a score of 615 points – from a maximum of 720 – in the preliminary 72-arrow ranking round.
After defeating Georgia's Natalia Nasaridze in her opening elimination match she was beaten by Great Britain's Naomi Folkard in the second round.
Ahmed Fakroun (Arabic: أحمد فكرون; born 1953) is a singer and songwriter from Benghazi, Libya.
He is a pioneer of modern Arabic World Music.
John Storm Roberts, of Original Music, AllMusic, wrote that among raï singers, the pop-oriented Ahmed Fakroun stands out on two grounds.
First, he is influenced by Europop and French art rock, not just the generalized rock of the others.
Second, he is a multi-instrumentalist in both traditions as well as a singer.
He plays bouzouki-like saz, mandol and darbouka drum, as well as guitar, bass guitar and keyboards.
Sometimes he seems overly crossover-oriented: but on form, his crossover deepens into telling biculturalism.
It has also been noted that Fakroun was a pioneer in bringing disco music to raï.
Superman/Aliens is an American comic book limited series about a battle between the superhero Superman and the Xenomorphs from the Alien film series.
The writers use the plot device of Superman's powers temporarily diminishing due to him being in a location with a lack of sunlight that his body requires to give him his powers to make the Xenomorphs a believable threat to him.
Creative team on this miniseries: story and layout art by Dan Jurgens, with finished art by Kevin Nowlan.
It was published by Dark Horse Comics in unison with DC Comics from July to September 1995.
